# Achievement Groups

achGDX1Group1=Ashes of Malmouth

# Achievements

achGDX1001Title=The Fight Continues
achGDX1001Desc=Clear the Aetherial Barrier north of Burrwitch.

achGDX1002Title=Embrace New Friendships
achGDX1002Desc=Choose to remain friendly with the people of Barrowholm.

achGDX1003Title=Embrace New Foes
achGDX1003Desc=Choose to be hostile with the people of Barrowholm.

achGDX1004Title=Into the Void
achGDX1004Desc=Activate the Altar of Rattosh.

achGDX1005Title=It's Me, Your Friend
achGDX1005Desc=Convince an old friend that you are on his side.

achGDX1006Title=Friendly Brawl
achGDX1006Desc=Beat some sense into an old friend.

achGDX1007Title=For Malmouth
achGDX1007Desc=Retake the Malmouth Resistance Base in the Steelcap District.

achGDX1008Title=Centennial Legend
achGDX1008Desc=Reach level 100.

achGDX1009Title=Monomythic Centennial
achGDX1009Desc=Reach level 100 in Hardcore Mode.

achGDX1010Title=A Stab in the Dark
achGDX1010Desc=Slay Ekket'Zul, Progenitor of Darkness at the Void's Edge.

achGDX1011Title=An End to the Darkness
achGDX1011Desc=Slay Ekket'Zul, Progenitor of Darkness at the Void's Edge on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1012Title=Knock Knock
achGDX1012Desc=Slay Bollag, Keeper of the Gates at the Malmouth Bridge.

achGDX1013Title=Gate Crasher
achGDX1013Desc=Slay Bollag, Keeper of the Gates at the Malmouth Bridge on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1014Title=So Others May Grow
achGDX1014Desc=Slay Sylvarria in the Undergrowth.

achGDX1015Title=Weed Killer
achGDX1015Desc=Slay Sylvarria in the Undergrowth on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1016Title=It's You Again!
achGDX1016Desc=Slay Fleshshaper Krieg in the Fleshworks.

achGDX1017Title=Remember Me?
achGDX1017Desc=Slay Fleshshaper Krieg in the Fleshworks on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1018Title=No Strings on Me
achGDX1018Desc=Settle the score with the Aetherial that possessed you.

achGDX1019Title=I'm My Own Master
achGDX1019Desc=Settle the score with the Aetherial that possessed you on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1020Title=Crush the Mountain
achGDX1020Desc=Slay Galakros, the Mountain in the Malmouth Sewers.

achGDX1021Title=Mountain Slayer
achGDX1021Desc=Slay Galakros, the Mountain in the Malmouth Sewers on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1022Title=The Scourge of Malmouth
achGDX1022Desc=Slay Theodin Marcell, the Shaper of Flesh in the Sanctum of Flesh.

achGDX1023Title=Revenge for the Fallen
achGDX1023Desc=Slay Theodin Marcell, the Shaper of Flesh in the Sanctum of Flesh on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1024Title=Ravaged
achGDX1024Desc=Defeat one of the manifestations of Ravager, the Wendigo Spirit.

achGDX1025Title=The Jewel in the Mud
achGDX1025Desc=Reach Revered reputation with Barrowholm.

achGDX1026Title=Ugdenbog Rituals
achGDX1026Desc=Reach Revered reputation with the Coven of Ugdenbog.

achGDX1027Title=Hero of the People
achGDX1027Desc=Reach Revered reputation with the Malmouth Resistance.

achGDX1028Title=Revered Champion
achGDX1028Desc=Become Revered with 9 Factions.

achGDX1029Title=Defender of Malmouth
achGDX1029Desc=Complete the Ashes of Malmouth.

achGDX1030Title=Champion of Malmouth
achGDX1030Desc=Complete the Ashes of Malmouth on Elite Difficulty.

achGDX1031Title=Savior of Malmouth
achGDX1031Desc=Complete the Ashes of Malmouth on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1032Title=Mass Extermination
achGDX1032Desc=Rid Cairn of 200000 Monsters.

achGDX1033Title=Unequaled Slayer
achGDX1033Desc=Eradicate 2000 Heroic Monsters (marked by a Star).

achGDX1034Title=A Mad Stash
achGDX1034Desc=Raid Ivonda's Hidden Stash.

achGDX1035Title=Nemesis More Like MEHmesis
achGDX1035Desc=Slay Ten Nemesis monsters on Elite or Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1036Title=Pet Hoarder
achGDX1036Desc=Summon 18 pets at the same time.

achGDX1037Title=Ashen Devotion
achGDX1037Desc=Restore 55 Devotion Shrines.

achGDX1038Title=Exceptional Explorer
achGDX1038Desc=Open 25 One-Shot Chests.

achGDX1039Title=Loremaster
achGDX1039Desc=Collect 70 Lore Notes.

achGDX1040Title=Immortal Savior of Malmouth
achGDX1040Desc=Complete the Ashes of Malmouth on Ultimate Difficulty, Hardcore Mode.

achGDX1041Title=Trial of Corruption
achGDX1041Desc=Endure the Trial of Corruption in the Ancient Grove.

achGDX1042Title=The Wild Tamed
achGDX1042Desc=Slay Gargabol, Heart of the Wild in the Ancient Grove.

achGDX1043Title=Taming the Untamed
achGDX1043Desc=Slay Gargabol, Heart of the Wild in the Ancient Grove on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1044Title=Immortal Wild Tamer
achGDX1044Desc=Slay Gargabol, Heart of the Wild in the Ancient Grove on Hardcore Mode.

achGDX1045Title=The Ancient of Ugdenbog
achGDX1045Desc=Slay Kra'vall, Ancient of the Waters.

achGDX1046Title=Slayer of Myths
achGDX1046Desc=Slay Kra'vall, Ancient of the Waters on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX1047Title=
achGDX1047Desc=

achGDX1048Title=
achGDX1048Desc=

achGDX1049Title=
achGDX1049Desc=

achGDX1050Title=
achGDX1050Desc=
