
#CreatureFriendly

tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_Guard01=Malmouth Resistance ~ Skirmisher
tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_Guard02=Malmouth Resistance ~ Guardian

tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_MeleeA01=Malmouth Resistance ~ Fighter
tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_MeleeB01=Malmouth Resistance ~ Demolitionist
tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_RangeA01=Malmouth Resistance ~ Ranger
tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_CasterB01=Malmouth Resistance ~ Arcanist
tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_CasterB02=Malmouth Resistance ~ Medic
tagGDX1FriendlyMalmouth_ChampionC01=Malmouth Resistance ~ Captain

tagGDX1FriendlyCoven_Guard01=Coven Guardian
tagGDX1FriendlyCoven_Guard02=Coven Hexxer


#CreatureFaction

tagGDX1FactionCult_Guard_A01=Barrowholm Guard

tagGDX1FactionCult_Melee_A01=Cult of the Wendigo ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FactionCult_Ranged_A01=Cult of the Wendigo ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FactionCult_Caster_B01=Cult of the Wendigo ~ Bloodmancer
tagGDX1FactionCult_Champion_C01=Cult of the Wendigo ~ Chosen

tagGDX1FactionCult_Hero_H01=Handaar Bloodweaver
tagGDX1FactionCult_Hero_H02=Jakala Bonesinger
tagGDX1FactionCult_Hero_H03=Tridia the Skorned
tagGDX1FactionCult_Hero_H04=Verona Bloodskewer

tagGDX1WendigoWard=Active Ward
tagGDX1WendigoWard01=Destroyed Ward

tagGDX1HumanFodder=Stubborn Survivor


#CreatureAetherial
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialBloater_A01=Aetherial Bloater
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialBloater_B01=Aetherial Bileeater
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialBloater_C01=Aetherial Regurgitator

tagGDX1EnemyAetherialColossus_A01=Aetherial Behemoth
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialColossus_B01=Aetherial Colossus
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialColossus_C01=Aetherial Titan
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialColossus_C02=Aetherial Stormbearer

tagGDX1EnemyAetherialCorruption_A01=Fleshwarped Corruption
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialCorruption_B01=Fleshwarped Chilled One
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialCorruption_B02=Fleshwarped Stormwalker
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialCorruption_B03=Fleshwarped Scorcher
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialCorruption_C01=Fleshwarped Aberration

tagGDX1EnemyAetherialFleshshaper_A01=Fleshshaper 
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialFleshshaper_B01=Fleshweaver
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialFleshshaper_C01=Architect of Flesh

tagGDX1EnemyAetherialImp_A00=Aetherial Crawler
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialImp_A01=Aetherial Scamp
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialImp_B01=Aetherial Imp

tagGDX1EnemyAetherialSentry_A01=Aetherial Guardian
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialSentry_B01=Aetherial Sentinel

tagGDX1EnemyAetherialWorm_A00=Aetherial Gutburrower
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialWorm_A01=Aetherial Bloatworm
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialWorm_B01=Aetherial Rotbellower
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialWorm_B02=Aetherial Blazedrinker
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialWorm_B03=Aetherial Iceburrower
tagGDX1EnemyAetherialWorm_B04=Aetherial Stormdrinker

tagGDX1HeroAetherialBloater_H01=Balgargol the Plaguebearer
tagGDX1HeroAetherialBloater_H02=Hauldros the Burningbile
tagGDX1HeroAetherialBloater_H03=Fragh ~ Frozen
tagGDX1HeroAetherialBloater_H04=Verkazol ~ Vampiric


tagGDX1HeroAetherialColossus_H01=Stormfist ~ Electrified
tagGDX1HeroAetherialColossus_H02=Embrallis ~ Burning
tagGDX1HeroAetherialColossus_H03=Hungeron ~ Vampiric
tagGDX1HeroAetherialColossus_H04=Archanis ~ Arcane

tagGDX1HeroAetherialCorruption_H01=Challdrus the Coldheart
tagGDX1HeroAetherialCorruption_H02=Vanallius the Voracious
tagGDX1HeroAetherialCorruption_H03=Disallus ~ Diseased
tagGDX1HeroAetherialCorruption_H04=Chromallus ~ Timewarped

tagGDX1HeroAetherialFleshshaper_H01=Frenazad ~ Burning
tagGDX1HeroAetherialFleshshaper_H02=Noxraderad ~ Frozen
tagGDX1HeroAetherialFleshshaper_H03=Joxallus ~ Electrified
tagGDX1HeroAetherialFleshshaper_H04=Oppressius ~ Unstoppable

tagGDX1HeroAetherialImp_H01=Phigillius Stormbile
tagGDX1HeroAetherialImp_H02=Phanolg the Iceborn
tagGDX1HeroAetherialImp_H03=Wourble ~ Reflective
tagGDX1HeroAetherialImp_H04=Ghalbar ~ Regenerator

tagGDX1HeroAetherialTheodin=Theodin's Creation


#CreatureBasilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasilisk_A01=Juvenile Basilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasilisk_B01=Venomgaze Basilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasilisk_C01=Stonegaze Basilisk

tagGDX1HeroBasilisk_H01=Stormslither
tagGDX1HeroBasilisk_H02=Rotmouth
tagGDX1HeroBasilisk_H03=Aregos ~ Corrupted
tagGDX1HeroBasilisk_H04=Ranaxus ~ Voidtouched


#CreatureChthonian
tagGDX1EnemyChthonicCultistSpecial_A01=Rift-Claimed Adherent

tagGDX1EnemyChthonianWretch_A01=Voidlurker
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianWretch_B01=Voidlurker Blightbearer
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianWretch_C01=Voidlurker Pestilence

tagGDX1EnemyChthonianRylok_A01=Void Rylok
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianRylok_B01=Void Taskmaster
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianRylok_C01=Void Oppressor

tagGDX1EnemyChthonianServitor_A01=Chthonian Drone
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianServitor_B01=Chthonian Servitor
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianServitor_B02=Chthonian Harvester
tagGDX1EnemyChthonianServitor_C01=Chthonian Bloodkeeper

tagGDX1HeroChthonianRylok_H01=Wallon'Aldos the Voidbringer
tagGDX1HeroChthonianRylok_H02=Odus'Aldos ~ Swift
tagGDX1HeroChthonianRylok_H03=Rydal'Aldos ~ Vampiric
tagGDX1HeroChthonianRylok_H04=Haval'Aldos ~ Arcane

tagGDX1HeroChthonianServitor_H01=Metasis'Mal the Mageblood
tagGDX1HeroChthonianServitor_H02=Olithot'Mal the Tormentor
tagGDX1HeroChthonianServitor_H03=Gawok'Mal ~ Electrified
tagGDX1HeroChthonianServitor_H04=Yakwa'Mal ~ Arcane


#CreatureAscended
tagGDX1EnemyAscended_A01=Ascended Attendant
tagGDX1EnemyAscended_A02=Ascended Attendant
tagGDX1EnemyAscended_B01=Ascended Spellbreaker
tagGDX1EnemyAscended_C01=Ascended Myrmidon

tagGDX1HeroAscended_H01=Pavros Undylon, Flamespeaker
tagGDX1HeroAscended_H02=Hagras Aetherflame
tagGDX1HeroAscended_H03=Ounasteria Stormtouch ~ Electrified
tagGDX1HeroAscended_H04=Ullana Everfreeze ~ Frozen


#CreatureLivingPlant
tagGDX1EnemyLivingPlant_A00=Venomous Vines
tagGDX1EnemyLivingPlant_A01=Carnivorous Plant
tagGDX1EnemyLivingPlant_A02=Singed Plant
tagGDX1EnemyLivingPlant_B00=Poisonous Bloom
tagGDX1EnemyLivingPlant_B01=Voracious Growth

tagGDX1HeroLivingPlant_H01=Bloodthirsty Bloom
tagGDX1HeroLivingPlant_H02=Burning Bloom
tagGDX1HeroLivingPlant_H03=Thunderbloom ~ Electrified
tagGDX1HeroLivingPlant_H04=Virulent Growth ~ Diseased


#CreatureSlith
tagGDX1Enemy_SlithWarriorA01=Bloodscale Warrior
tagGDX1Enemy_SlithWarriorB01=Bloodscale Berserker
tagGDX1Enemy_SlithWarriorC01=Bloodscale Conqueror
tagGDX1Enemy_SlithShamanB01=Bloodscale Witch Doctor
tagGDX1Enemy_SlithShamanC01=Bloodscale Warlock

tagGDX1HeroSlith_H01=Tuvalliss Aetherstorm
tagGDX1HeroSlith_H02=Jarllass the Bloodseeker
tagGDX1HeroSlith_H03=Phalaxna ~ Supporter
tagGDX1HeroSlith_H04=Slixiss ~ Unstoppable


#CreatureSwampCrab
tagGDX1EnemySwampCrab_A01=Ugdenbog Crab
tagGDX1EnemySwampCrab_B01=Ugdenbog Spikeshell
tagGDX1EnemySwampCrab_C01=Ugdenbog Stoneshell
tagGDX1EnemySwampCrab_A00Summon=Ugdenbog Crabling

tagGDX1EnemyGhostCrab_A01=Haunted Crab
tagGDX1EnemyGhostCrab_B01=Haunted Spikeshell
tagGDX1EnemyGhostCrab_C01=Haunted Stoneshell

tagGDX1HeroSwampCrab_H01=Iceskorn
tagGDX1HeroSwampCrab_H02=Vileclaw
tagGDX1HeroSwampCrab_H03=Mudflinger ~ Reflective
tagGDX1HeroSwampCrab_H04=Chaosshell ~ Voidtouched

tagGDX1HeroGhostCrab_H01=Foll the Burningshell
tagGDX1HeroGhostCrab_H02=Goll the Stormshell
tagGDX1HeroGhostCrab_H03=Mudrock ~ Defender
tagGDX1HeroGhostCrab_H04=Corrupshell ~ Corrupted

tagGDX1EnemyMineCrab=Ugdenbog Pitcreeper 

#CreatureSwampGolem
tagGDX1EnemySwampGolem_A01=Ugdenbog Golem
tagGDX1EnemySwampGolem_B01=Ugdenbog Mossflinger
tagGDX1EnemySwampGolem_C01=Ugdenbog Overgrowth

tagGDX1HeroSwampGolem_H01=Ferrosius ~ Swift
tagGDX1HeroSwampGolem_H02=Titanius Steelskin ~ Defender
tagGDX1HeroSwampGolem_H03=Jormundur ~ Diseased
tagGDX1HeroSwampGolem_H04=Garrl ~ Voidtouched


#CreatureWendigo
tagGDX1EnemyHumanWendigo_A01=Ugdenbog Cannibal ~ Fleshcrazed
tagGDX1EnemyHumanWendigo_B01=Ugdenbog Cannibal ~ Bloodsinger
tagGDX1EnemyHumanWendigo_C01=Ugdenbog Cannibal ~ Wraithspeaker

tagGDX1EnemyWendigo_A01=Wendigo
tagGDX1EnemyWendigo_B01=Wendigo ~ Flayer
tagGDX1EnemyWendigo_B02=Wendigo ~ Marroweater
tagGDX1EnemyWendigo_C01=Wendigo ~ Ancient

tagGDX1EnemyWendigoCannibal_A01=Ugdenbog Wretch
tagGDX1EnemyWendigoCannibal_A02=Ugdenbog Wretch
tagGDX1EnemyWendigoCannibal_B01=Ugdenbog Turned
tagGDX1EnemyWendigoCannibal_C01=Ugdenbog Marked

tagGDX1EnemyWendigoCannibal_Special01=Silvie
tagGDX1EnemyWendigoCannibal_Special02=Nuana

tagGDX1HeroHumanWendigo_H01=Javos Bonesplinter
tagGDX1HeroHumanWendigo_H02=Tollia Splittongue
tagGDX1HeroHumanWendigo_H03=Ignafius Mageblood ~ Arcane
tagGDX1HeroHumanWendigo_H04=Bellia Everthirst ~ Vampiric

tagGDX1HeroWendigo_H01=Vollarius ~ Arcane
tagGDX1HeroWendigo_H02=Anaxius ~ Corrupted
tagGDX1HeroWendigo_H03=Waraplius ~ Timewarped
tagGDX1HeroWendigo_H04=Ravagrad ~ Unstoppable

tagGDX1HeroWendigoCannibal_H01=Ulda Emberclaw
tagGDX1HeroWendigoCannibal_H02=Haldra the Bloodlust
tagGDX1HeroWendigoCannibal_H03=Palros, Protector of the Pack ~ Defender
tagGDX1HeroWendigoCannibal_H04=Allcadius the Unburied ~ Reflective


#CreatureWraith
tagGDX1EnemyWraith_A01=Wraith
tagGDX1EnemyWraith_B01=Spiteful Wraith
tagGDX1EnemyWraith_C01=Ancient Wraith

tagGDX1HeroWraith_H01=Arcanom the Soulthief
tagGDX1HeroWraith_H02=Obliterus
tagGDX1HeroWraith_H03=Tildoom ~ Timewarped
tagGDX1HeroWraith_H04=Sulvar the Endless Hungerer ~ Vampiric


#CreatureYetiSwamp

tagGDX1EnemyYetiSwampA01=Leafmane Brute
tagGDX1EnemyYetiSwampB01=Leafmane Rager
tagGDX1EnemyYetiSwampB02=Leafmane Rotbreather
tagGDX1EnemyYetiSwampC01=Leafmane Alpha

tagGDX1YetiSwampHeroH01=Rotspew
tagGDX1YetiSwampHeroH02=Bonegnash
tagGDX1YetiSwampHeroH03=Rotblood ~ Vampiric
tagGDX1YetiSwampHeroH04=Aethermane ~ Corrupted

#CreatureBeastRoguelike
tagGDX1EnemyBasiliskAetherA01=Aethertongue Basilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasiliskAetherB01=Aethergaze Basilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasiliskAetherC01=Aetherblood Basilisk

tagGDX1EnemyBasiliskChthonicA01=Voidtongue Basilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasiliskChthonicB01=Voidgaze Basilisk
tagGDX1EnemyBasiliskChthonicC01=Voidblood Basilisk

tagGDX1EnemyBoarChthonicB01=Voidtusk
tagGDX1EnemyBoarChthonicC01=Gargantuan Voidtusk

tagGDX1EnemyManticoreChthonicA01=Void-Tainted Manticore
tagGDX1EnemyManticoreChthonicB01=Void-Tainted Wastestalker
tagGDX1EnemyManticoreChthonicC01=Void-Tainted Alpha

tagGDX1EnemyManticoreD01=Manticore Deathstalker

tagGDX1EnemySwampCrabAetherA01=Fleshwarped Crab
tagGDX1EnemySwampCrabAetherB01=Fleshwarped Spikeshell
tagGDX1EnemySwampCrabAetherC01=Fleshwarped Stoneshell

tagGDX1EnemyThornedHorrorAetherA01=Aetherthorn Horror
tagGDX1EnemyThornedHorrorAetherB01=Aetherthorn Terror
tagGDX1EnemyThornedHorrorAetherC01=Aetherthorn Monstrosity

tagGDX1EnemyYetiChthonicB01=Voidmane Rager
tagGDX1EnemyYetiChthonicB02=Voidmane Bloodbreather
tagGDX1EnemyYetiChthonicC01=Voidmane Alpha


#CreatureTraps

tagGDX1EnemyTrapA01=Ugdenbog Gas Cloud
tagGDX1EnemyTrapA02=Ugdenbog Mushroom


#Pets

tagGDX1PetArcaneSeal=Arcane Seal
tagGDX1PetConcussiveRune=Concussive Rune
tagGDX1PetIceRune=Chillsurge Rune
tagGDX1PetManticore02=Deathstalker

tagGDX1PetBlightBeast=Blight Beast
tagGDX1PetBlightBeastB=Unstable Anomaly
tagGDX1PetMaggot=Maggot
tagGDX1PetWraith=Sundered Wraith
tagGDX1PetSkeleton01=Skeletal Warrior
tagGDX1PetSkeleton01b=Skeletal Archer
tagGDX1PetSkeleton01c=Skeletal Arcanist
tagGDX1PetSkeleton01d=Skeletal Revenant

tagGDX1DevotionPet_ArcaneCurrent=Arcane Current

tagGDX1ItemPetGhostCrab=Crab Spirit
tagGDX1ItemPetSkeletalGolem=Skeletal Servant
tagGDX1ItemPetWraith=Bound Wraith
tagGDX1ItemPetKasparov=Purified Crystal
tagGDX1ItemPetHargate=Aether Crystal
tagGDX1ItemPetKasparovSkill=Crystallized
tagGDX1ItemPetFireDevil=Cinderwind
tagGDX1ItemPetFireDevil_Skill=Living Blaze
tagGDX1ItemPetBloodWraith=Soul of Lord Nazaran
tagGDX1ItemPetBloodWraith_Skill=Vampiric Touch
tagGDX1ItemPetBloodWraith_Skill02=Vampiric Presence
tagGDX1ItemPetBloodSkeleton=Bloodbathed Servant
tagGDX1ItemPetBloodSkeleton_Skill=Blood Rite

#EnemySummons

tagGDX1EnemySummon_ObsidianBeacon=Obsidian Pylon
tagGDX1EnemySummon_AetherialSpirit=Aetherial Spirit
tagGDX1EnemySummon_BurningBlood=Burning Blood


#Boss&Quest

tagGDX1Boss_FactoryGuardian01=Hagalvar, the Bone Monger
tagGDX1Boss_FactoryGuardian02=Rodalgar, the Flesh Collector
tagGDX1Boss_Final01=The Master of Flesh ~ Theodin Marcell

tagGDX1Boss_Aetherial01=Fleshweaver Krieg
tagGDX1Boss_Aetherial02=Allostria, the Mindthief
tagGDX1Boss_Aetherial03=Bollag, Keeper of the Gates
tagGDX1Boss_Aetherial04=Fleshweaver Haraxis

tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial01=Fleshshaper Hinissius 
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial02=Galakros, the Mountain
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial03=Terrnox
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial04=Valaxteria
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial05=Hagarond
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial06=Agalgaraz
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial07=Fleshshaper Igilvur
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Aetherial08=Dralgar, the Keeper of Burrwitch

tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog01=Kra'vall, Ancient of the Waters
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog01_Tentacle01=Kra'vall's Tentacle
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog01_Tentacle02=Kra'vall's Tentacle
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog02=Sylvarria, Queen of the Undergrowth
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog02_Vine01=Sylvarria's Vine
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog02_Vine02=Sylvarria's Vine
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog02_VineCluster=Vine Cluster
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog03=Ugdall, Wrath of the Ugdenbog
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog04=Janaxia, the Betrayer
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog05=Larria, the Hexxer
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog06=Bargoll, the Mouldering Mound
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog07=Carraxus Foul
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog08=Trapped Wraith
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog09=Avris Marrowill
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog10=Naxen Shade
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog11=Scorv, Servant of Ravager

tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog12=Alya Dugald
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog13=Phris Dugald
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Bog14=Neak Dugald

tagGDX1WitchBoss_Basilisk=Stone Basilisk
tagGDX1WitchBoss_Spirit=Vile Soul

tagGDX1Boss_Chthonian01=Lunal'Valgoth, Steward of Darkness
tagGDX1Boss_Chthonian02=Ekket'Zul, Progenitor of Darkness

tagGDX1MiniBoss_Chthonian01=Gabal'Thunn, the Visage of Madness

tagGDX1MiniBoss_Chthonian02=Rakka'Valgoth the Fleshdrinker

tagGDX1Boss_Wendigo01=Ravager of Minds
tagGDX1Boss_Wendigo02=Ravager of Souls
tagGDX1Boss_Wendigo03=Ravager of Flesh
tagGDX1Boss_Wendigo04=Namadea, the Screecher

tagGDX1MiniBoss_Wendigo01=Handarroth
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Wendigo02=Ollivioth
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Wendigo03=Yuvolloth
tagGDX1MiniBoss_Wendigo04=Packla, the Turning

tagGDX1Boss_Roguelike01=Slathsarr Aethergaze
tagGDX1Boss_Roguelike02=Ragarroth the Tormented
tagGDX1Boss_Roguelike03=Gargabol, Heart of the Wild
tagGDX1Boss_Roguelike04=Gulgazor
tagGDX1Boss_Roguelike05=Vilgazor

tagGDX1EnclaveBoss01=Dreven Cole
tagGDX1EnclaveBoss02=Alberran Rein
tagGDX1EnclaveBoss03=Cyrian Marcan

tagGDX1DravisBoss01=Bandragos, Thrall of Dravis
tagGDX1DravisThrall01=Minion of Dravis
tagGDX1DravisThrall02=Minion of Dravis


#Nemesis
tagGDX1Nemesis_Aetherial01=Archmage Aleksander
tagGDX1Nemesis_Aetherial01_Crystal=Aleksander's Shard
tagGDX1Nemesis_Chthonian01=Grava'Thul, the Voiddrinker
tagGDX1Nemesis_Beast01=Kubacabra, the Endless Menace
tagGDX1Nemesis_Beast01B=Kubacabra, the Enduring
tagGDX1Nemesis_Beast01C=Kubacabra, the Tenacious
tagGDX1Nemesis_Wendigo01=Reaper of the Lost

tagGDX1Nemesis_Plant=Root of All Evil
tagGDX1Nemesis_NotClone=Not a Clone of John Bourbon
tagGDX1Nemesis_Zombie=Flameond Bleu



#Devotion
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialBloater_H01=Barrthnas the Plagueborn
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialBloater_H02=Ignos
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialBloater_H03=Frozdar ~ Frozen
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialBloater_H04=Draklon ~ Vampiric

tagGDX1DevotionAetherialColossus_H01=Thunderfist ~ Electrified
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialColossus_H02=Infernox ~ Burning
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialColossus_H03=Oblaigon ~ Vampiric
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialColossus_H04=Speldrakus ~ Arcane

tagGDX1DevotionAetherialCorruption_H01=Chillian
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialCorruption_H02=Naragon the Manhunter
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialCorruption_H03=Peuglis ~ Diseased
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialCorruption_H04=Tirendal ~ Timewarped

tagGDX1DevotionAetherialFleshshaper_H01=Filnaderzad ~ Burning
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialFleshshaper_H02=Noxus ~ Frozen
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialFleshshaper_H03=Karthallas ~ Swift
tagGDX1DevotionAetherialFleshshaper_H04=Porendallos ~ Unstoppable

tagGDX1DevotionBasilisk_H01=Lagarslin Stormskin
tagGDX1DevotionBasilisk_H02=Venomnius
tagGDX1DevotionBasilisk_H03=Colplur ~ Corrupted
tagGDX1DevotionBasilisk_H04=Volaxius ~ Voidtouched

tagGDX1DevotionChthonianRylok_H01=Balg'Gawtok the Voidbringer
tagGDX1DevotionChthonianRylok_H02=Garu'Doth ~ Swift
tagGDX1DevotionChthonianRylok_H03=Zuuth'Aglathon ~ Vampiric
tagGDX1DevotionChthonianRylok_H04=Nurdul'Siin ~ Arcane

tagGDX1DevotionChthonianServitor_H01=Ishthu'Gal the Dreadblood
tagGDX1DevotionChthonianServitor_H02=Lank'Zuul the Torturer
tagGDX1DevotionChthonianServitor_H03=Ukog'Dal ~ Electrified
tagGDX1DevotionChthonianServitor_H04=Unatu'Ukog ~ Arcane

tagGDX1DevotionSwampCrab_H01=Iceclaw
tagGDX1DevotionSwampCrab_H02=Bileclaw
tagGDX1DevotionSwampCrab_H03=Sheldrock ~ Reflective
tagGDX1DevotionSwampCrab_H04=Voidshell ~ Voidtouched

tagGDX1DevotionSwampGolem_H01=Swiftrock ~ Swift
tagGDX1DevotionSwampGolem_H02=Phanatos ~ Defender
tagGDX1DevotionSwampGolem_H03=Gigartus ~ Diseased
tagGDX1DevotionSwampGolem_H04=Rawk ~ Voidtouched

tagGDX1DevotionWendigo_H01=Hegamon ~ Arcane
tagGDX1DevotionWendigo_H02=Colporrus ~ Corrupted
tagGDX1DevotionWendigo_H03=Spiritbane ~ Timewarped
tagGDX1DevotionWendigo_H04=Reapressad ~ Unstoppable

tagGDX1DevotionWraith_H01=Soulshreak
tagGDX1DevotionWraith_H02=Oblegon
tagGDX1DevotionWraith_H03=Dolsarr ~ Timewarped
tagGDX1DevotionWraith_H04=Endearon ~ Vampiric




#Bounties
tagGDX1BountyCU04=Vanoxxis Bile
tagGDX1BountyCU05=Crognoth, the Blazing Vanguard
tagGDX1BountyCU06=Habnor the Void-Chosen
tagGDX1BountyCU07=Sllancar the Tainted
tagGDX1BountyCU08=Chillpincer
tagGDX1BountyCU09=Vagarroth the Insatiable

tagGDX1BountyCW04=Dar'Vagol the Mageclaw
tagGDX1BountyCW05=Rhidal'Gulvor the Stormblood
tagGDX1BountyCW06=Swillius
tagGDX1BountyCW07=Polterrios
tagGDX1BountyCW08=Vladris
tagGDX1BountyCW09=Yoknar

tagGDX1BountyPM05=Bluggraag Blazebarf
tagGDX1BountyPM06=Stormtitan
tagGDX1BountyPM07=Blazragarus
tagGDX1BountyPM08=Torraxsteria


