#CreatureAllSurvivors

tagSurvivorGuardGenericRangedA01=Survivor ~ Scout
tagSurvivorGuardGenericRangedB01=Survivor ~ Skirmisher
tagSurvivorGuardGenericMeleeA01=Survivor ~ Defender
tagSurvivorGuardGenericMeleeB01=Survivor ~ Guardian

tagHumanRover_GuardGeneric_MeleeA01=Rover Protector

tagBlackLegion_GuardMeleeA01=Black Legion ~ Footman
tagBlackLegion_GuardRangedA01=Black Legion ~ Marksman

tagBlackLegion_MeleeA01=Black Legion ~ Myrmidon
tagBlackLegion_MeleeB01=Black Legion ~ Vanguard
tagBlackLegion_RangedA01=Black Legion ~ Deathmark
tagBlackLegion_CasterB01=Black Legion ~ Battlemage
tagBlackLegion_CasterB02=Black Legion ~ Combat Medic
tagBlackLegion_ChampionC01=Black Legion ~ Captain

tagNecromancer_CasterA01=Death's Vigil ~ Neophyte
tagNecromancer_MeleeA01=Death's Vigil ~ Neophyte
tagNecromancer_CasterB01=Death's Vigil ~ Acolyte
tagNecromancer_ChampionC01=Death's Vigil ~ Dreadlord
tagNecromancerH01=Urokoraa, Speaker for the Dead
tagNecromancerH02=Nokultaak, the Reaper
tagNecromancerH03=Naakala ~ Regenerator
tagNecromancerH04=Misonaak ~ Shielded
tagNecromancer_Boss01=Master Ravok, the Death's Whisper
tagNecromancer_Boss02=Malkadarr, Champion of Death's Vigil

tagZealot_MeleeA01=Kymon's Chosen ~ Zealot
tagZealot_RangedA01=Kymon's Chosen ~ Zealot
tagZealot_CasterB01=Kymon's Chosen ~ Stormbearer
tagZealot_ChampionC01=Kymon's Chosen ~ Blade Maiden
tagZealotH01=Sister Oseltia, the Storm Maiden
tagZealotH02=Brother Baldris, Charge of Empyrion
tagZealotH03=Sister Thandria ~ Defender
tagZealotH04=Brother Handrick ~ Burning
tagZealot_Boss01=Sister Bravna, the Skybreaker
tagZealot_Boss02=Sharanatu, Harbinger of the Void
tagZealot_AncestralSpirit=Archon Barthollem

#CreatureAetherial

tagAetherCrystalA01=Aether Crystal
tagAetherCrystalA02=Aether Crystal Cluster
tagAetherCrystalA03=Aether Crystal Formation
tagAnomalyB01=Warp Elemental
tagWindDevil_PoisonA01=Poison Wind Devil
tagAetherObeliskA01=Aetherial Obelisk
tagAetherObeliskB01=Aetherial Terraformer

tagBossAetherObelisk01=Herald of the Flame
tagBossAetherObelisk02=Herald of Destruction
tagBossAetherObelisk03=Herald of the Stars

tagEnemyAetherialA01=Aetherial Watcher
tagEnemyAetherialB01=Aetherial Wraith
tagEnemyAetherialC01=Aetherial Spectre

tagAetherialHeroH01=Azar, the Wrathful
tagAetherialHeroH02=Mondrak, the Everburning
tagAetherialHeroH03=Intesius

tagEnemyAetherialAbominationB01=Aetherial Abomination
tagEnemyAetherialAbominationC01=Fused Terror

tagAetherialAbominationBoss01=The Amalgamation
tagAetherialCommanderBoss01=Commander Lucius

#CreatureBoar

tagEnemyBoarA01=Stonetusk
tagEnemyBoarA02=Gargantuan Stonetusk
tagEnemyBoarB01=Ironhide Stonetusk

tagEnemyBoarFrost_A01=Chilltusk
tagEnemyBoarFrost_A02=Gargantuan Chilltusk
tagEnemyBoarFrost_B01=Frosthide Chilltusk

tagBoarHeroH01=Dreadtusk, the Hunter's Bane
tagBoarHeroH02=Ragesnout ~ Swift
tagBoarHeroH03=Hellmane ~ Burning
tagBoarHeroH04=Rotmane ~ Diseased
tagBoarHeroH05=Aetherean ~ Corrupted
tagBoarHeroH06=Riftsnout ~ Voidtouched
tagBoarFrostHeroH01=Mutallor ~ Regenerator
tagBoarFrostHeroH02=Stonemane ~ Defender


#CreatureBoneRat

tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeA01=Boneback Gnasher
tagEnemyBoneRatRangedA01=Boneback

tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeB01=Rabid Boneback
tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeB02=Boneback Plaguebearer

tagEnemyBoneratWitchGodA01=Frenzied Plaguebeast
tagEnemyBoneratWitchGodA02=Rotting Plaguebeast

tagEnemyBoneRatMeleeB02_Summon=Halion's Wittle Rat

tagBoneRatHeroH01=Maledictus
tagBoneRatHeroH02=Razorback
tagBoneRatHeroH03=Rotbite ~ Diseased
tagBoneRatHeroH04=Bilewart ~ Swift
tagBoneRatHeroH05=Rimeclaw ~ Frozen
tagBoneRatHeroH06=Wrathclaw ~ Corrupted

tagBoneRatMiniBoss01=Grundleplith the Hoarder
tagBoneRatMiniBoss02=Pusquill the Hoarder

#CreatureChthonian

tagEnemyChthonianAbomination=Chthonian Unraveler

tagEnemyChthonianMinionA01=Chthonian Harbinger
tagEnemyChthonianMinionB01=Chthonian Bloodletter
tagEnemyChthonianMinionC01=Chthonian Blightbringer

tagChthonianMinionHeroH01=Charn'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH02=Elnar'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH03=Fos'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH04=Ordran'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH05=Pulv'Daroth
tagChthonianMinionHeroH06=Maga'Lugal ~ Defender
tagChthonianMinionHeroH07=Shar'Luthol ~ Shielded

tagEnemyChthonianDreadguardA01=Chthonian Vanguard
tagEnemyChthonianDreadguardB01=Chthonian Dreadguard
tagEnemyChthonianDreadguardB01Logghorrean=Loghorrean's Dreadguard
tagEnemyChthonianDreadguardC01=Chthonian Tyrant
tagEnemyChthonianDreadguardC01Logghorrean=Loghorrean's Tyrant
tagEnemyChthonianDreadguardD01=Loghorrean's Vanguard

tagChthonianDreadguardHeroH01=Shar'Oruuth
tagChthonianDreadguardHeroH02=Wen'Kazul, the Hungering Blade
tagChthonianDreadguardHeroH03=Zalyth'Uthax ~ Electrified
tagChthonianDreadguardHeroH04=Jugak'Siin ~ Reflective
tagChthonianDreadguardHeroH05=Sarmaz'Din ~ Frozen

tagEnemyChthonianLeechA01=Void Parasite
tagEnemyChthonianLeechB01=Void Leech
tagEnemyChthonianLeechB02=Void Souldrinker

tagChthonianLeechHeroH01=Vom'Anatu
tagChthonianLeechHeroH02=Gawtok'Anatu
tagChthonianLeechHeroH03=Ekket'Anatu
tagChthonianLeechHeroH04=Orudin'Anatu ~ Diseased
tagChthonianLeechHeroH05=Yakwa'Anatu ~ Unstoppable

tagChthonianBoss01=Lagoth'Ak, Harbinger of Blood
tagChthonianBoss02=Shar'Zul, Harbinger of Chaos
tagChthonianBoss03=Bane'Galgalor, Guardian of the Gates
tagChthonianBoss04=Balok'Anatu, Bloodfiend
tagChthonianBoss05=Galar'Bargok, the Black Fiend
tagChthonianBoss06=Harak'Bargoth, Guardian of the Bastion
tagChthonianBoss07=Zal'Naroth, Guardian of the Bastion

#CreatureChthonianFiend

tagEnemyVoidFiendA01=Voidfiend
tagEnemyVoidFiendA02=Voidfiend Incinerator
tagEnemyVoidFiendC01=Voidfiend Hellion

tagVoidFiendHeroH01=Innugaru, Terror of the Void
tagVoidFiendHeroH02=Hiln'Raz, the Dark Omen
tagVoidFiendHeroH03=Sen'Thel Voidbringer
tagVoidFiendHeroH04=Nii'Thel ~ Bruiser
tagVoidFiendHeroH05=Gurgoth'Siin ~ Burning

tagVoidFiendBoss01=Ballog'Nath, the Hellfire


#CreatureChthonianDevourer

tagEnemyChthonianDevourerA00=Chthonian Swarmer
tagEnemyChthonianDevourerA01=Chthonian Hungerer
tagEnemyChthonianDevourerB01=Chthonian Devourer
tagEnemyChthonianDevourerB02=Chthonian Gorger

tagChthonianDevourerHeroH01=Nur'Garu, Jaws of Oblivion
tagChthonianDevourerHeroH02=Sargo'Din, the Hungering Maw
tagChthonianDevourerHeroH03=Narl'Maash, the Engorged
tagChthonianDevourerHeroH04=Nye'Kazul, the Maw of Fire
tagChthonianDevourerHeroH05=Waban'Ak, the Sparkmaw

tagChthonianDevourerBossB01=Rag'Nadar, the Great Maw


#CreatureDranghoul

tagEnemyDrangoulWarriorA01=Dranghoul Enforcer
tagEnemyDrangoulWarriorB01=Dranghoul Tyrant

tagDranghoulMiniBoss01=Gutworm, the Maneater
tagDranghoulMiniBoss02=Bloodfeast the Ruthless

tagDranghoulHeroH01=Ralture, the Untouchable
tagDranghoulHeroH02=Rugaru, the Houndmaster
tagDranghoulHeroH03=Ooglar ~ Unstoppable
tagDranghoulHeroH04=Reeve ~ Burning
tagDranghoulHeroH05=Wovaar ~ Frozen
tagDranghoulHeroH06=Ravadaar ~ Corrupted
tagDranghoulHeroH07=Vinaldaar ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureFleshHulk

tagEnemyFleshHulkA01=Flesh Hulk
tagEnemyFleshHulkB01=Ironside Hulk
tagEnemyFleshHulkC01=Rage Hulk

tagFleshHulkHeroH01=Bonebreaker
tagFleshHulkHeroH02=Faldonir Aetherborn
tagFleshHulkHeroH03=Malnotris ~ Unstoppable
tagFleshHulkHeroH04=Festerlis ~ Bruiser

tagEnemyFleshHulkBoss01=Venarius, the Backbreaker

#CreatureGazer

tagEnemyGazerA01=Corruption
tagEnemyGazerB01=Overseer
tagEnemyGazerC01=Overmind
tagEnemyGazerD01=Mindrager

tagGazerHeroH01=Mesmer
tagGazerHeroH02=Bane'Zal, the Hellborn
tagGazerHeroH03=Darlax, Devourer of Dreams
tagGazerHeroH04=Beholdan ~ Reflective
tagGazerHeroH05=Garminix ~ Regenerator
tagGazerHeroH06=Illumin ~ Electrified

#CreatureGhost

tagEnemyGhostA01=Apparition
tagEnemyGhostB01=Haunted Noble
tagEnemyGhostB02=Haunted Champion

tagHeroGhostH01=Valavan, the Wandering Soul
tagHeroGhostH02=Ballan Voros ~ Reflective
tagHeroGhostH03=Rosena Malgos ~ Regenerator
tagHeroGhostH04=Stormshriek ~ Electrified
tagHeroGhostH05=Oldrakan Pald ~ Swift
tagHeroGhostH06=Aetherwraith ~ Corrupted

tagGhostBoss01=Baros Wradlith, Lord of the Lost Souls
tagGhostBoss02=Nomos Dred
tagGhostBoss03=Laudos Vagra
tagGhostBoss04=Rhovena Kur
tagGhostBoss05=Alkamos, Lord Executioner
tagGhostBoss06=Wraith of Sorrows

#Ghoul

tagEnemyGhoulA01=Ghoul
tagEnemyGhoulB01=Ghoul Corpse-eater
tagEnemyGhoulB02=Ghoul Blood-drinker
tagEnemyGhoulC01=Ghoul Necrolyte

tagEnemyGhoulH01=Necrolask
tagEnemyGhoulH02=Rot-Eye
tagEnemyGhoulH03=Corpselick
tagEnemyGhoulH04=Corpran ~ Corrupted
tagEnemyGhoulH05=Vilnius ~ Voidtouched
tagEnemyGhoulH06=Hungral ~ Electrified
tagEnemyGhoulH07=Leperus ~ Burning

tagGhoulBoss01=Nacrathan, the Timeless
tagGhoulBoss02=Plagius, the Decrepit
tagGhoulBoss03=Harvoul, the Earthshaker


#CreatureGolem

tagEnemyGolemRockA01=Earthen Shambler
tagEnemyGolemRockB01=Mossy Shambler
tagEnemyGolemRockC01=Stonewrought  Shambler
tagEnemyGolemRockMiniBoss01=Ancient Shambler

tagGolemRockHeroH01=Hammerton
tagGolemRockHeroH02=Haldras Flamespitter
tagGolemRockHeroH03=Stoneheart ~ Reflective
tagGolemRockHeroH04=Stonegrinder ~ Charger
tagGolemRockHeroH05=Rimestone ~ Frozen
tagGolemRockHeroH06=Voidstone ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureGrobles

tagEnemySnakeClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Scavenger
tagEnemySnakeClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Tracker
tagEnemySnakeClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Warrior
tagEnemySnakeClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Champion

tagEnemySnakeClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemySnakeClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Snake Clan Venomancer

tagEnemySkyClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Scavenger
tagEnemySkyClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Tracker
tagEnemySkyClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Warrior
tagEnemySkyClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Champion

tagEnemySkyClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemySkyClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Sky Clan Stormcaller

tagEnemyStoneClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Scavenger
tagEnemyStoneClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Tracker
tagEnemyStoneClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Warrior
tagEnemyStoneClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Champion

tagEnemyStoneClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemyStoneClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Stone Clan Geomancer

tagEnemyEmberClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Scavenger
tagEnemyEmberClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Tracker
tagEnemyEmberClanRangedB01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Huntmaster
tagEnemyEmberClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Warrior
tagEnemyEmberClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Champion

tagEnemyEmberClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemyEmberClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Ember Clan Pyromancer

tagEnemyDeathClanScavengerA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Scavenger
tagEnemyDeathClanRangedA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Tracker
tagEnemyDeathClanWarriorA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Warrior
tagEnemyDeathClanWarriorB01=Groble ~ Death Clan Champion

tagEnemyDeathClanShamanA01=Groble ~ Death Clan Witchdoctor
tagEnemyDeathClanShamanB01=Groble ~ Death Clan Bonecaster

tagGrobleShamanHeroH01=Deshigu Chillbane
tagGrobleShamanHeroH02=Nabinok
tagGrobleShamanHeroH03=Nirlamnack ~ Reflective
tagGrobleHeroH01=Torgru, the Flametouched
tagGrobleHeroH02=Arbagol, the Shank
tagGrobleHeroH03=Uldagu Flame-Eater
tagGrobleHeroH04=Molbagdal Stormcaller
tagGrobleHeroH05=Holborack ~ Defender
tagGrobleHeroH06=Pukesnot the Unwashed

tagGrobleBoss01=Narbalgal, the Stormseeker

#Harpy

tagEnemyHarpyA01=Harpy Flesh Ripper
tagEnemyHarpyB01=Harpy Death Wind
tagEnemyHarpyC01=Harpy Accursed Oracle

tagHarpyHeroH01=Malexna, the Stormweaver
tagHarpyHeroH02=Blazewing
tagHarpyHeroH03=Tyrronax, the Great Watcher
tagHarpyHeroH04=Scyliss, the Stormtouched ~ Electrified
tagHarpyHeroH05=Holdrexna, the Windwalker ~ Swift
tagHarpyHeroH06=Wrathwing ~ Corrupted

tagHarpyBossB01=Lutra the Abandoned

#CreatureHarvestman

tagEnemyHarvestmanA01=Haunted Scarecrow
tagEnemyHarvestmanB01=Haunted Harvester

tagHarvestmanHeroH01=Nemedian, the Reaper
tagHarvestmanHeroH02=Effigus, the Infested
tagHarvestmanHeroH03=Asper ~ Swift
tagHarvestmanHeroH04=Crowfiend ~ Bruiser


#Hellhound

tagEnemyHellhoundA01=Hellhound

tagEnemyHellHoundWitchGodA01=Eldritch Mongrel
tagEnemyHellHoundWitchGodA02=Eldritch Stormchaser



#CreatureHuman

tagEnemyBloodswornA01=Bloodsworn Adulant
tagEnemyBloodswornB01=Bloodsworn Zealot
tagEnemyBloodswornB02=Bloodsworn Summoner
tagEnemyBloodswornB03=Bloodsworn Void-Caller
tagEnemyBloodswornC01=Bloodsworn Priest
tagEnemyBloodswornC02=Bloodsworn Doomsayer


tagHumanCultistHeroH01=Julius Crowley, the Mindbender
tagHumanCultistHeroH02=Lucius Bloodboil
tagHumanCultistHeroH03=Nathalian, the Houndcaller
tagHumanCultistHeroH04=Ignacius ~ Burning
tagHumanCultistHeroH05=Balvadar the Bloodthirsty ~ Regenerator
tagEnemyBloodswornMiniBoss01=Salazar, Blade of Ch'thon
tagEnemyBloodswornMiniBoss02=Bolvar, the Bloodbinder
tagEnemyBloodswornMiniBoss03=Zaria, the Carver
tagBloodswornBoss01=Bloodlord Thalonis
tagBloodswornBoss02=Karroz, Sigil of Ch'thon

tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeA01=Convict ~ Lackey
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeB01=Convict ~ Thug
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeB02=Convict ~ Brute
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_MeleeB03=Convict ~ Sadist
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_RangedA01=Convict ~ Gunman
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_Wightmire_RangedB01=Convict ~ Skirmisher

tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeA01=Cronley's Gang ~ Lackey
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeB01=Cronley's Gang ~ Thug
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeB02=Cronley's Gang ~ Brute
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MeleeB03=Cronley's Gang ~ Sadist
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_RangedA01=Cronley's Gang ~ Gunman
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_RangedB01=Cronley's Gang ~ Skirmisher
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_ArsonistC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Arsonist
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_MurdererC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Murderer
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_HereticC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Heretic

tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherA01=Cronley's Gang ~ Chosen
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherA02=Cronley's Gang ~ Chosen
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherB01=Cronley's Gang ~ Destined
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherB02=Cronley's Gang ~ Champion
tagEnemyHumanOutlaw_AetherC01=Cronley's Gang ~ Ascended

tagHumanOutlawLeader01=Darius Cronley
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss01=Edmund "Shanks" Doyle
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss02=Silas "The Skinner"
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss03=Dravko "The Torch"
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss04="Madman" Wilcox
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss05=Sleyvak "The Breaker"
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss06="Boomer" Slocum
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss07=Ashe "The Wall" Farrell
tagHumanOutlawMiniBoss08=Nicholas Balthazar

tagHumanOutlawHeroH01=Leander "Blackwater" Greene
tagHumanHeroH01=Bloody Jack
tagHumanHeroH02=Delnar Black Eye
tagHumanHeroH03=Hudson Fury
tagHumanHeroH04=Nadra, the Shadow
tagHumanHeroH05=Serul Shadesong
tagHumanHeroH06=Wiley, the Slasher ~ Swift
tagHumanHeroH07=Everett, the Bloodbound ~ Burning
tagHumanHeroH08=Dred One-Eye
tagHumanHeroH09=Meric Aether-Touched ~ Charger
tagHumanHeroH10=Eldon "Snakeskin" ~ Regenerator
tagHumanHeroH11=Roman, the Blade Dancer

tagHumanBoss01="Moneybags" Martin
tagHumanBoss02=Halion "The Rat"
tagHumanBoss03=Nicholas Balthazar
tagHumanBoss04=Boris, Master of the Pit

tagHumanRoverA_A01=Rover
tagHumanRoverA_B01=Rover Scout
tagHumanRoverA_C01=Rover Protector

#CreatureHumanPossessed

tagHumanPossessedA01=Possessed Apprentice
tagHumanPossessedA02=Possessed Arcanist
tagHumanPossessedB01=Possessed Elementalist
tagHumanPossessedC01=Possessed Archmage

tagHumanPossessedHeroH01=Allara Starfire
tagHumanPossessedHeroH02=Aetherblaze
tagHumanPossessedHeroH03=Kamladris, the Rimeheart
tagHumanPossessedHeroH04=Corpusia ~ Reflective
tagHumanPossessedHeroH05=Espiria ~ Supporter

tagHumanPossessedHeroH06=Loxmere Nightmage
tagHumanPossessedBoss01=Noveria Stormfire
tagHumanPossessedBoss02=Archivist Thelon
tagHumanPossessedBoss03=Usterius Avelone

#CreatureInsectDermapteran

tagEnemyDermapteranA01=Dermapteran Weavil
tagEnemyDermapteranB01=Dermapteran Sentinel
tagEnemyDermapteranB02=Dermapteran Reaver
tagEnemyDermapteranC01=Dermapteran Vizier
tagEnemyDermapteranC02=Dermapteran Progenitor

tagEnemySummonWeavilA01=Infestor

tagDermapteranHeroH01=Harpallax, the Suneater
tagDermapteranHeroH02=Corrosinax
tagDermapteranHeroH03=Wasparex ~ Swift
tagDermapteranHeroH04=Olmarix ~ Electrified
tagDermapteranHeroH05=Vildrix ~ Voidtouched

tagDermapteranBoss01=Grand Vizier Lozakal
tagDermapteranBoss02=Grand Vizier Inixil
tagDermapteranBoss03=Swarm Queen Ravna
tagDermapteranBoss04=Hive Guard Anoxis, the Tainted
tagDermapteranBoss05=Rashalga, the Mad Queen

#CreatureInsectMosquito
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoA01=Mireborn Bloodgorger
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoB01=Mireborn Bloodfiend
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoC01=Mireborn Matriarch
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoA02=Festerborn Bloodgorger
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoB02=Festerborn Bloodfiend
tagEnemyInsectMosquitoC02=Festerborn Matriarch

tagInsectMosquitoHeroH01=Vladox, the Bloodletter
tagInsectMosquitoHeroH02=Sarlap ~ Electrified
tagInsectMosquitoHeroH03=Jornax, the Voracious ~ Swift
tagInsectMosquitoHeroH04=Narlax ~ Corrupted
tagInsectMosquitoHeroH05=Oorlax ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureInsectWasp

tagEnemyInsectWaspA01=Venomwing Drone
tagEnemyInsectWaspB01=Venomwing Stinger
tagEnemyInsectWaspC01=Venomwing Queen

tagInsectWaspHeroH01=Scarprax, the Frenzied
tagInsectWaspHeroH02=Caraprax ~ Defender
tagInsectWaspHeroH03=Harprax, the Queen's Will ~ Supporter
tagInsectWaspHeroH04=Ralkara ~ Regenerator
tagInsectWaspHeroH05=Folcrax ~ Frozen
tagInsectWaspHeroH06=Walacrax ~ Corrupted
tagInsectWaspHeroH07=Ooldacrax ~ Voidtouched

tagInsectWaspBoss01=Ulraprax, the Hive Matriarch
tagInsectWaspBoss02=Ronaprax, the Grand Queen

#CreatureInsectSwarm

tagEnemyInsectSwarmA01=Devouring Swarm
tagEnemyInsectSwarmB01=Pestilent Swarm

tagEnemyInsectSwarm_PossessedA01=Possessed Swarm

tagInsectSwarmHeroH01=Issk, the Hive Mind
tagInsectSwarmHeroH02=Avarix ~ Electrified
tagInsectSwarmHeroH03=Omnol, the Blight ~ Diseased

#CreatureManticores

tagEnemyManticoreA01=Manticore Whitemane
tagEnemyManticoreA02=Manticore Blackmane
tagEnemyManticoreB01=Manticore Wastestalker
tagEnemyManticoreB02=Manticore Nightstalker
tagEnemyManticoreC01=Manticore Alpha

tagEnemyManticoreAetherA01=Fleshwarped Manticore
tagEnemyManticoreAetherB01=Fleshwarped Wastestalker
tagEnemyManticoreAetherC01=Fleshwarped Aethermane

tagManticoreHeroH01=Raxa, the Jade Huntress
tagManticoreHeroH02=Neleron, the Eyes of Death
tagManticoreHeroH03=Ar'kall, the Black Heart
tagManticoreHeroH04=Uroxis Swiftclaw ~ Swift
tagManticoreHeroH05=Waroxis Crimsonclaw ~ Bruiser
tagManticoreHeroH06=Blazara Firemane

tagManticoreBoss01=Mogara, the Prime Matriarch

#CreatureObsidianDefiler

tagEnemyObsidianDefilerA01=Obsidian Shaleborn
tagEnemyObsidianDefilerB01=Obsidian Defiler
tagEnemyObsidianDefilerC01=Obsidian Ravager
tagEnemyObsidianDefilerC02=Obsidian Annihilator

tagObsidianDefilerHeroH01=Obsidius, the Titan
tagObsidianDefilerHeroH02=Ch'thallis, the Usurper
tagObsidianDefilerHeroH03=Kelphat'Idoth ~ Electrified
tagObsidianDefilerHeroH04=Orudin'Idoth ~ Frozen
tagObsidianDefilerHeroH05=Drygol'Ukog ~ Charger

tagObsidianDefilerBoss01=Bane'Gargoth

#CreaturePrawns

tagEnemyPrawnA01=Scrapheap Rift Scourge
tagEnemyPrawnA02=Acidbile Rift Scourge
tagEnemyPrawnB01=Stormscale Rift Scourge
tagEnemyPrawnB02=Bladespine Rift Scourge
tagEnemyPrawnC01=Infested Rift Scourge
tagEnemyPrawnSummonA01=Swarmborn Rift Scourge

tagEnemyCavePrawnA01=Pale Cavern Crawler
tagEnemyCavePrawnA02=Terrorspark Cavern Crawler
tagEnemyCavePrawnB01=Albino Cavern Crawler
tagEnemyCavePrawnC01=Bursting Cavern Crawler
tagEnemyCavePrawnSummonA01=Swarming Cavern Crawler

tagEnemyPrawnWitchGodA01=Eldritch Swarmer
tagEnemyPrawnWitchGodA02=Nightmare Crawler

tagPrawnHeroH01=Ravacrix, the Ravenous
tagPrawnHeroH02=Palacrix, the Ancient
tagPrawnHeroH03=Velacrix, the Plagueswarm
tagPrawnHeroH04=Elcrix ~ Electrified
tagPrawnHeroH05=Flocrix ~ Burning

tagCavePrawnHeroH01=Terrocrix
tagCavePrawnHeroH02=Chiricrix ~ Frozen
tagCavePrawnHeroH03=Blucrix ~ Defender

tagCavePrawnBoss01=Ikrix, the Ravener

#CreatureRaptor

tagEnemyRaptorA_JuvenileA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Hatchling
tagEnemyRaptorA_MeleeA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Hunter
tagEnemyRaptorA_RangedA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Screecher
tagEnemyRaptorA_ChampionA01=Carrion Raptor ~ Viper Lord

tagEnemyRaptorB_JuvenileA01=Wind Raptor ~ Juvenile
tagEnemyRaptorB_MeleeA01=Wind Raptor ~ Stalker
tagEnemyRaptorB_RangedA01=Wind Raptor ~ Assassin
tagEnemyRaptorB_ChampionA01=Wind Raptor ~ Sky Lord

tagEnemyRaptorWitchGodA01=Winged Horror
tagEnemyRaptorWitchGodA02=Eldritch Lifedrinker

tagRaptorHeroH01=Soulrend
tagRaptorHeroH02=Aragonax, the Spirit Eater
tagRaptorHeroH03=Baldim, the Chaosbringer
tagRaptorHeroH04=Bonesnarl ~ Unstoppable
tagRaptorHeroH05=Idran, the Anomaly ~ Regenerator
tagRaptorHeroH06=Balra ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureRiftHound

tagEnemyRiftHoundA01=Rifthound
tagEnemyRiftHoundB01=Rifthound ~ Howler
tagEnemyRiftHoundC01=Rifthound ~ Azure Matriarch
tagEnemyRiftHoundA02=Plaguehound
tagEnemyRiftHoundB02=Plaguehound ~ Roteater
tagEnemyRiftHoundC02=Plaguehound ~ Alpha

tagEnemyPlanesHoundA01=Planeshound
tagEnemyPlanesHoundB01=Planeshound ~ Pack Leader

tagEnemyVoidHoundA01=Voidhound
tagEnemyVoidHoundB01=Voidhound ~ Pack Leader

tagEnemyRiftHoundWitchGodA01=Eldritch Hound
tagEnemyRiftHoundWitchGodA02=Eldritch Alpha

tagRiftHoundHeroH01=Charrus
tagRiftHoundHeroH02=Plaguelord
tagRiftHoundHeroH03=Voidrage
tagRiftHoundHeroH04=Wolvin, the Inferno
tagRiftHoundHeroH05=Jarlax, Rage of the Swamp ~ Charger
tagRiftHoundHeroH06=Garn, the Packhunter ~ Defender

tagBossRifthoundB01=Kalis Ka, the Bonehunter

#CreatureScavenger

tagEnemyScavengerA01=Scavenger
tagEnemyScavengerB01=Frenzied Scavenger
tagEnemyScavengerC01=Scavenger Alpha

tagScavengerHeroH01=Scarsnout, the Cannibal
tagScavengerHeroH02=Bloodclaw
tagScavengerHeroH03=Whitemane, the Thunderstruck
tagScavengerHeroH04=Ernol Carrioneater ~ Diseased
tagScavengerHeroH05=Crimsontail ~ Supporter
tagScavengerHeroH06=Rav ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureShadowman

tagEnemyShadowmanA01=Shadowman
tagEnemyShadowmanB01=Shadowman Deceiver
tagEnemyShadowmanC01=Shadowman Eidolon

#CreatureSkeletal Golem

tagEnemySkeletalGolemB01=Skeletal Gargantuan
tagEnemySkeletalGolemC01=Skeletal Monstrosity

tagSkeletalGolemHeroH01=Grulgor, the Tormented ~ Diseased
tagSkeletalGolemHeroH02=Falgarr, the Ice Watcher ~ Frozen
tagSkeletalGolemHeroH03=Bralgarr, the Flame Watcher ~ Burning
tagSkeletalGolemHeroH04=Wralgarr, the Aethertouched ~ Corrupted
tagSkeletalGolemHeroH05=Olagarr, the Chaosbringer ~ Voidtouched


tagSkeletalGolemBossB01=Ilgorr, the Eternal
tagSkeletalGolemBossB02=Uroboruuk's Guardian

#CreatureSkeleton

tagEnemySkeletonA01=Skeletal Warrior
tagEnemySkeletonA02=Skeletal Archer
tagEnemySkeletonB01=Skeletal Deathbolt Archer
tagEnemySkeletonB02=Skeletal Knight
tagEnemySkeletonB03=Skeletal Priest
tagEnemySkeletonB04=Skeletal Warlock
tagEnemySkeletonC01=Flame Revenant
tagEnemySkeletonC02=Frost Revenant
tagEnemySkeletonC03=Storm Revenant
tagEnemySkeletonC04=Death Revenant

tagSkeletonHeroH01=Tenebris, the Blood Drinker
tagSkeletonHeroH02=Balrazar, Eternal Servant of Dreeg
tagSkeletonHeroH03=Harros Dred, the Damned
tagSkeletonHeroH04=Hellwraith ~ Burning
tagSkeletonHeroH05=Allos Sadarin ~ Reflective
tagSkeletonHeroH06=Chillheart ~ Frozen

tagSkeletonBoss01=Kilrian, the Tainted Soul
tagSkeletonBoss02=Grand Priest Zarthuzellan
tagSkeletonBoss03=Shade of Elnadrin
tagSkeletonBoss04=High Priest Rolderathis

tagGravestone_Skeleton01=Robert
tagGravestone_Skeleton02=Rockford
tagGravestone_Skeleton03=Ryan

#CreatureSlith

tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorA01=Deepmire Warrior
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorB01=Deepmire Vanguard
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorC01=Deepmire Champion
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithWarriorC02=Deepmire Tidehunter
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithShamanB01=Deepmire Shaman
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithShamanB02=Deepmire Scourge-Tamer
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithShamanC01=Deepmire Evocator
tagEnemyDeepMire_SlithShamanC02=Deepmire Pureblood

tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithWarriorA01=Venomtongue Warrior
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithWarriorB01=Venomtongue Vanguard
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithWarriorC01=Venomtongue Champion
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithShamanB01=Venomtongue Shaman
tagEnemyVenomtongue_SlithShamanC01=Venomtongue Evocator

tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithWarriorA01=Bloodscale Warrior
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithWarriorB01=Bloodscale Vanguard
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithWarriorC01=Bloodscale Champion
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithShamanB01=Bloodscale Shaman
tagEnemyBloodscale_SlithShamanC01=Bloodscale Evocator

tagSlithHeroH01=Igrixx, the Rimeheart
tagSlithHeroH02=Jaron, Lord of the Storm
tagSlithHeroH03=Lorkhan, Lord of the Deep
tagSlithHeroH04=Farnlan, the Vile ~ Unstoppable
tagSlithHeroH05=Eidonax ~ Swift
tagSlithHeroH06=Avaladran ~ Corrupted

tagSlithBossB01=Viloth, the Corruptor
tagSlithBossB02=Primordian, the Forgotten One
tagSlitbBossB03=Ellena, the First Slith

tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithWarriorA01=Murktide Warrior
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithWarriorB01=Murktide Vanguard
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithWarriorC01=Murktide Champion
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithShamanB01=Murktide Shaman
tagEnemyMurkTide_SlithShamanC01=Murktide Evocator

#CreatureSpider

tagEnemySpiderA01=Dreadweave Arachnid
tagEnemySpiderA02=Dreadweave Spitter
tagEnemySpiderB01=Dreadweave Leaper
tagEnemySpiderB02=Dreadweave Widow
tagEnemySpiderC01=Dreadweave Matriarch
tagEnemySpiderSummon=Spiderling

tagEnemySpiderWitchGodA01=Eldritch Arachnid
tagEnemySpiderWitchGodA02=Eldritch Weaver
tagEnemySpiderWitchGodA03=Eldritch Matriarch
tagEnemySpiderWitchGodSummon=Eldritch Crawler

tagSpiderHeroH01=Oldelon, the Molten
tagSpiderHeroH02=Raglis, the Leaper
tagSpiderHeroH03=Herna, the Dread Widow
tagSpiderHeroH04=Triinix, the Weaver
tagSpiderHeroH05=Larna, the Fateweaver ~ Shielded
tagSpiderHeroH06=Uldina, the Broodmother ~ Defender

#CreatureThornedHorror

tagEnemyThornedHorrorA01=Briarthorn Horror
tagEnemyThornedHorrorB01=Briarthorn Terror
tagEnemyThornedHorrorC01=Briarthorn Monstrosity


tagThornedHorrorHeroH01=Terrolean, the Pandemonium
tagThornedHorrorHeroH02=Korplax, the Overgrown
tagThornedHorrorHeroH03=Blackthorn ~ Reflective
tagThornedHorrorHeroH04=Rotthorn ~ Diseased
tagThornedHorrorHeroH05=Everbark ~ Regenerator
tagThornedHorrorHeroH06=Rimebark ~ Frozen

tagThornedHorrorBoss01=Ol' Bloodbriar

tagEnemyAetherHorrorA01=Aetherthorn Horror

tagAetherHorrorHeroH01=Aetheros


#CreatureTraps

tagEnemyTrapA01=Flare Trap
tagEnemyTrapA02=Launcher Trap
tagEnemyTrapA03=Obsidian Shard
tagEnemyTrapA04=Obsidian Anomaly
tagEnemyTrapA05=Floor Spikes

#CreatureTrolls

tagEnemyTrollHalfA01=Mistborn Brute
tagEnemyTrollHalfA02=Mistborn Herder
tagEnemyTrollHalfB01=Mistborn Hunter
tagEnemyTrollHalfB02=Mistborn Warrior
tagEnemyTrollHalfB03=Mistborn Shaman
tagEnemyTrollHalfC01=Mistborn Elder

tagEnemyTrollHalfSwampA01=Eastmire Brute
tagEnemyTrollHalfSwampA02=Eastmire Herder
tagEnemyTrollHalfSwampB01=Eastmire Hunter
tagEnemyTrollHalfSwampB02=Eastmire Warrior
tagEnemyTrollHalfSwampB03=Eastmire Shaman
tagEnemyTrollHalfSwampC01=Eastmire Elder

tagTrollHalfHeroH01=Balarr, the Rockeater
tagTrollHalfHeroH02=Paldrak, the Warmonger
tagTrollHalfHeroH03=Stonetooth ~ Defender
tagTrollHalfHeroH04=Elloras, the Sun-Eater ~ Burning

tagTrollHalfSwampHeroH01=Ragarr Stonecrusher
tagTrollHalfSwampHeroH02=Toglokk the Ravener
tagTrollHalfSwampHeroH03=Maglak ~ Shielded
tagTrollHalfSwampHeroH04=Wallak ~ Supporter

tagEnemyTrollA01=Stonewart Troll
tagEnemyTrollB01=Stonewart Rager
tagEnemyTrollC01=Stonewart Behemoth

tagEnemyTrollSwampA01=Plaguewart Troll
tagEnemyTrollSwampB01=Plaguewart Rager
tagEnemyTrollSwampC01=Plaguewart Behemoth

tagTrollHeroH01=Uglak, the Immortal
tagTrollHeroH02=Surrlak, the Earthmover
tagTrollHeroH03=Troglak ~ Unstoppable
tagTrollHeroH04=Oldak, the Miasma ~ Diseased
tagTrollHeroH05=Wontlak ~ Frozen

tagTrollSwampHeroH01=Balglak, the Swamp Warden
tagTrollSwampHeroH02=Rovos ~ Reflective
tagTrollSwampHeroH03=Malgalok ~ Voidtouched
tagTrollSwampHeroH04=Avalgal ~ Corrupted

tagBossTrollB01=Gulgoth, the Rampaging
tagBossTrollB02=Voldrak, the Destroyer
tagBossTrollB03=Balegor, the Swamp King

tagEnemyTrollCorruptedA01=Fleshwarped Troll
tagEnemyTrollCorruptedB01=Fleshwarped Vanguard
tagEnemyTrollCorruptedB02=Fleshwarped Deadeye
tagEnemyTrollCorruptedB03=Fleshwarped Flameeye
tagEnemyTrollCorruptedC01=Fleshwarped Commander

tagTrollCorruptedD01=Hoarfrost Dreadguard

tagTrollCorruptedHeroH01=Sulkarr, the Stormtouched
tagTrollCorruptedHeroH02=Horcris, the Terror
tagTrollCorruptedHeroH03=Corruptis
tagTrollCorruptedHeroH04=Caladrak ~ Unstoppable
tagTrollCorruptedHeroH05=Faldrak ~ Reflective

tagTrollCorruptedBoss01=Harrath the Slaughterer

#CreatureUnderdwellers

tagEnemyCaveTrollHalfA01=Trog Blood Drinker
tagEnemyCaveTrollHalfB01=Trog Flesh Ripper
tagEnemyCaveTrollHalfB02=Trog Blood Mage
tagEnemyCaveGrobleA01=Underdweller Runt
tagEnemyCaveGrobleB01=Underdweller Ritualist
tagEnemyCaveTrollB01=Underdweller Troll
tagEnemyCaveTrollC01=Underdweller Behemoth
tagEnemyCaveSpiderA01=Terrorweave Spiderling
tagEnemyCaveSpiderB01=Terrorweave Arachnid
tagEnemyCaveSpiderB02=Terrorweave Widow
tagEnemyCaveSpiderC01=Terrorweave Matriarch

tagCaveTrollHalfHeroH01=Glavrok, the Darkdweller
tagCaveTrollHalfHeroH02=Algrok, the Blind Berserker
tagCaveTrollHalfHeroH03=Savarok ~ Shielded
tagCaveGrobleHeroH01=Akala ~ Swift
tagCaveGrobleHeroH02=Ulbalak ~ Supporter
tagCaveSpiderHeroH01=Shelleb, the Darkness
tagCaveSpiderHeroH02=Vilaxna ~ Regenerator
tagCaveSpiderHeroH03=Ravnix ~ Swift

tagCaveSpiderBoss01=Ungoliax, the Gloomweaver
tagCaveTrollHalfBoss01=Gollus, the Deepdweller

#CreatureVultures

tagEnemyVultureSummon=Arkovian Rocktalon
tagEnemyVultureA01=Arkovian Rocktalon
tagEnemyVultureB01=Arkovian Plaguebeak

tagHeroVultureH01=Volaxna, the Bloodgorger
tagHeroVultureH02=Plaguewing ~ Diseased
tagHeroVultureH03=Harrowbeak ~ Unstoppable
tagHeroVultureH04=Wrathtalon ~ Corrupted
tagHeroVultureH05=Voidtalon ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureWorm

tagEnemyWormA01=Earthbreaker Burrower
tagEnemyWormB01=Earthbreaker Rotworm

tagEnemyWormDeepDwellerA01=Deepdweller Grub

tagWormHeroH01=Gravner, the Bile-Eater
tagWormHeroH02=Groundsplitter ~ Electrified
tagWormHeroH03=Stonespitter ~ Shielded
tagWormHeroH04=Wrathworm ~ Corrupted
tagWormHeroH05=Riftworm ~ Voidtouched

#CreatureYeti

tagEnemyYetiA01=Chillmane Brute
tagEnemyYetiB01=Chillmane Rager
tagEnemyYetiB02=Chillmane Icesplitter
tagEnemyYetiC01=Chillmane Alpha

tagYetiHeroH01=Bonechill
tagYetiHeroH02=Icesnap
tagYetiHeroH03=Chillblood ~ Regenerator
tagYetiHeroH04=Mallus ~ Corrupted

tagYetiBoss01=Ragrathar Rageblood


#CreatureZombie

tagEnemyZombieA01=Walking Dead
tagEnemyZombieB01=Wretcher
tagEnemyZombieC01=Fury
tagEnemyZombieD01=Cold One
tagEnemyZombieE01=Night Terror
tagEnemyZombieF01=Burning Dead
tagEnemyZombieG01=Plague Walker
tagEnemyZombieSoldierA01=Rotting Soldier
tagEnemyZombieSoldierB01=Rotting Emberguard
tagEnemyZombieSoldierC01=Fury Soldier
tagEnemyZombieBerserkerA01=Corpsefiend

tagEnemyZombieVoidA01=Chthonic Soulless

tagEnemyZombieMutatedA01=Fleshwarped Butcher
tagEnemyZombieMutatedB01=Fleshwarped Thrasher

tagZombieMutatedBoss01=Barrog, the Bloodied

tagZombieHeroH01=Abner, the Forsaken One
tagZombieHeroH02=Crimson Bane
tagZombieHeroH03=Gastris, the Foul
tagZombieHeroH04=Gilisten, the Reborn
tagZombieHeroH05=Bolvaris, the Glacierborn
tagZombieHeroH06=Aldanar, the Undying
tagZombieHeroH07=Gutripper ~ Unstoppable
tagZombieHeroH08=Teselon ~ Electrified
tagZombieHeroH09=Blightfeast ~ Charger
tagZombieHeroH10=Alrick Magefire

tagZombieMiniBoss01=Farros, the Rotted
tagZombieMiniBoss02=Jillius, the Decayed
tagZombieMiniBoss03=Neegan, the Withered
tagZombieMiniBoss04=Balros, the Malformed
tagZombieMiniBoss05=Hagra, the Tormented


#CreatureZombieHound

tagEnemyZombieHoundA01=Tainted Hound
tagEnemyZombieHoundB01=Tainted Pack Leader

tagZombieHoundHeroH01=Gornax, the Nightmare
tagZombieHoundHeroH02=Sharn, the Cursed
tagZombieHoundHeroH03=Furz Venomdrinker ~ Supporter
tagZombieHoundHeroH04=Bloodhowl ~ Regenerator

#CreatureReanimator

tagEnemyReanimatorB01=Reanimator
tagEnemyReanimatorC01=Dominator

tagReanimatorHeroH01=Aethoran, the Plaguebearer ~ Diseased
tagReanimatorHeroH02=Gollorg, the Undiminished ~ Unstoppable
tagReanimatorHeroH03=Corpsefire ~ Reflective
tagReanimatorHeroH04=Azgalogg, the Corruptor ~ Defender

tagReanimatorBossH01=Gethrand, the Betrayed
tagReanimatorBossH02=Zanbrandt, the Ascended
tagReanimatorBossH03=Chilldread
tagReanimatorBossH04=Nazagrad, the Fallen


#Pets

tagPetRavenA01=Great Raven
tagPetHellhoundA01=Hellhound
tagPetWhirlwindA01=Whirlwind
tagPetThornedHorrorA01=Briarthorn
tagPetManticoreA01=Primal Spirit
tagPetWindDevilA01=Wind Devil
tagPetTotemA01=Wendigo Totem
tagPetTotemA02=Storm Totem
tagPetTotemA02B=Corrupted Totem
tagPetBlackScourge=Black Scourge
tagPetGazeOfDreeg=Gaze of Dreeg
tagPetEyeOfGuardian=Eye of the Guardian
tagPetHeraldOfDoom=Banner of Doom
tagPetSpirit=Bound Spirit
tagPetRitualCircle=Ritual Circle
tagPetStormShard=Storm Shard
tagPetArcaneWisp=Arcane Wisp


tagDevotionPet_Skeleton=Skeleton
tagDevotionPet_ArcaneBomb=Arcane Bomb
tagDevotionPet_Hound=Eldritch Hound
tagDevotionPet_Hungerling=Hungerling
tagDevotionPet_ElementalSeeker=Elemental Seeker
tagDevotionPet_LivingShadow=Living Shadow
tagDevotionPet_Volcano=Eruption

tagPetIceWallA01=Ice Barrier

tagPetBladeSwarmA01=Blade Spirit

tagPetThermiteMineA01=Flare Mine
tagPetMortarTrapA01=Mortar Trap

tagItemFleshHulkA01=Flesh Hulk
tagItemGuardianA01=Stalwart Guardian
tagItemGuardianA02=Reckless Guardian
tagItemAncestorA01=Ancestral Spirit
tagItemRevenantA01=Revenant of Og'Napesh
tagItemPrawnA01=Blighted Rift Scourge
tagItemYetiA01=Chillmane Rocksplitter
tagRelicStormhound=Stormhound
tagRelicNemesis=Nemesis
tagRelicSwarm=Swarmling


tagDLCWisp=Will'O'Wisp
tagDLCCrate=Sacred Crate

#EnemySummons

tagEnemySummonHellspawn=Hellspawn
tagEnemySummonChthonianMinion=Salazar's Harbinger
tagEnemySummonDariusAetherCrystal=Unstable Aether Formation
tagEnemySummonRifthound=Azure Rifthound
tagEnemySummonObsidianCluster=Obsidian Cluster
tagEnemySummonRaven=Raven
tagEnemySummonAetherTrap=Aether Trap
tagEnemySummonIceCrystal=Ice Crystal
tagEnemySummonTentacle=Writhing Tentacle
tagEnemySummonVoid=Entropic Void
tagEnemySummonWitchGodCrystal=Sentinel's Beacon

tagEnemyMogdrogenBoar=Mogdrogen's Chilltusk
tagEnemyMogdrogenRat=Mogdrogen's Boneback
tagEnemyMogdrogenHorror=Mogdrogen's Briarthorn

#Boss&Quest

tagQuestEnemyReanimator=Kyzogg the Reanimator
tagQuestEnemyMiltonHart=Milton Hart
tagQuestEnemyBanditForge=Outlaw Forge
tagQuestChthonianMonstrosity=Thall'Nosh, the Unraveler
tagQuestBloodWagon=Blood Wagon

tagBossTheWarden01=Warden Krieg
tagBossLoghorrean01=Loghorrean, the Voice of Ch'thon
tagBossLoghorreanTentacle01=Loghorrean's Tentacle
tagBossLoghorreanTentacle02=Loghorrean's Tentacle
tagBossLoghorreanTentacleCluster=Tentacle Cluster

tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss01=Jarren the Plaguewarped
tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss02=Overlord Van Aldritch
tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss03=Councilman Hallos
tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss04=Councilman Garl
tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss05=Watcher Ygraad
tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss06=Watcher Ordas
tagAetherialRoguelikeBoss07=Watcher Brandis

tagMiscTargetDummy=Training Dummy

tagQuestWitchGod01=Guardian of Dreeg
tagQuestWitchGod01_Summon=Eye of Dreeg
tagQuestWitchGod02=Guardian of Solael
tagQuestWitchGod03=Guardian of Bysmiel
tagQuestWitchGod04=The Sentinel

#Nemesis
tagNemesis_Aetherial01=Valdaran, the Storm Scourge
tagNemesis_Aetherial02=Obligious Foul
tagNemesis_Aetherial03=The Pariah
tagNemesis_Chthonian01=Jac'Aran, the Eternal Stone
tagNemesis_Chthonian02=Benn'Jahr, the Colossal
tagNemesis_Chthonian03=Balgoth'Zul, the Endless Hunger
tagNemesis_Kymon01=Lord Infernus
tagNemesis_Kymon02=The Iron Maiden
tagNemesis_OrderDeathsVigil01=Zantarin, the Immortal
tagNemesis_OrderDeathsVigil02=Cabala Rotweaver
tagNemesis_Outlaw01=Fabius "the Unseen" Gonzar
tagNemesis_Outlaw02=Thallion Vos
tagNemesis_Outlaw03=Dead-Eye
tagNemesis_Undead01=Allminoxius, the Artificer
tagNemesis_Undead02=Moosilauke, the Chillwind
tagNemesis_Undead03=Toxemus

tagNemesis_Clone01=Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone02=Burning Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone03=Frozen Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone04=Electrified Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone05=Tainted Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone06=Deathly Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone07=Corrupted Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone08=The Final Form of the Clone of John Bourbon
tagNemesis_Clone09=The Actually Final Form of the Clone of John Bourbon


#Devotion
tagDevotion_AetherialH01=Athraz, the Watcher
tagDevotion_AetherialH02=Naladrak, Essence of the Flame
tagDevotion_AetherialH03=Idalazius, the Corruptor

tagDevotion_ChthonianDevourerH01=Gal'Barok
tagDevotion_ChthonianDevourerH02=Har'Nadiin
tagDevotion_ChthonianDevourerH03=Ellon'Siin
tagDevotion_ChthonianDevourerH04=Udal'Nadal
tagDevotion_ChthonianDevourerH05=Balok'Grot
tagDevotion_ChthonianDevourerH06=Orudin'Ak

tagDevotion_ChthonianDreadguardH01=Serethal'Siin
tagDevotion_ChthonianDreadguardH02=Wallan'Siin
tagDevotion_ChthonianDreadguardH03=Zagal'Udal ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_ChthonianDreadguardH04=Rigak'Doth ~ Reflective
tagDevotion_ChthonianDreadguardH05=Palloth'Dar ~ Frozen

tagDevotion_VoidFiendH01=Innal'Gargoth
tagDevotion_VoidFiendH02=Udal'Thel
tagDevotion_VoidFiendH03=Walloth'Dar
tagDevotion_VoidFiendH04=Eldon'Siin ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_VoidFiendH05=Sen'Udal ~ Burning
tagDevotion_VoidFiendH06=Halloth'Siin

tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH01=Carath'Lud
tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH02=Elegor'Dar
tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH03=Fallim'Gargoth
tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH04=Ossius'Dar
tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH05=Blagal'Doth
tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH06=Mal'Thallon ~ Frozen
tagDevotion_ChthonianMinionH07=Shogal'Gargoth ~ Shielded

tagDevotion_ChthonianMonstrosityH01=Chthonian Unraveler

tagDevotion_FleshHulkH01=Brognathar
tagDevotion_FleshHulkH02=Aethollin
tagDevotion_FleshHulkH03=Kollus ~ Burning
tagDevotion_FleshHulkH04=Feseron ~ Electrified

tagDevotion_GhostH01=Odellia Lanos
tagDevotion_GhostH02=Marden Thal ~ Burning
tagDevotion_GhostH03=Agalla Varos ~ Regenerator
tagDevotion_GhostH04=Stormbane ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_GhostH05=Baullos Gar ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_GhostH06=Senal Thandris ~ Corrupted
tagDevotion_GhostH07=Develos Ondal
tagDevotion_GhostH08=Barrosa Namos
tagDevotion_GhostH09=Aneria Thandris

tagDevotion_CavePrawnH01=Direcrix
tagDevotion_CavePrawnH02=Malocrix ~ Voidtouched
tagDevotion_CavePrawnH03=Idricrix ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_CaveSpiderH01=Shalloth
tagDevotion_CaveSpiderH02=Troaxna ~ Regenerator
tagDevotion_CaveSpiderH03=Waviix ~ Swift

tagDevotion_SkeletalGolemH01=Grubwrath ~ Diseased
tagDevotion_SkeletalGolemH02=Icesharn ~ Frozen
tagDevotion_SkeletalGolemH03=Flamegore ~ Burning
tagDevotion_SkeletalGolemH04=Aethergore ~ Corrupted
tagDevotion_SkeletalGolemH05=Voidreach ~ Voidtouched

tagDevotion_SkeletonH01=Elledar Bloodthirster
tagDevotion_SkeletonH02=Priest Dagoll
tagDevotion_SkeletonH03=Damnoth
tagDevotion_SkeletonH04=Everon ~ Burning
tagDevotion_SkeletonH05=Vengar the Vengeful ~ Reflective
tagDevotion_SkeletonH06=Rimelord ~ Frozen
tagDevotion_SkeletonH07=Tenethon
tagDevotion_SkeletonH08=Alladon the Flamewatcher
tagDevotion_SkeletonH09=Elagorian Darkmarrow
tagDevotion_SkeletonH10=Ollegon the Icewatcher

tagDevotion_SlithH01=Rexna
tagDevotion_SlithH02=Balladra Stormscion
tagDevotion_SlithH03=Sharath
tagDevotion_SlithH04=Traglodan ~ Voidtouched
tagDevotion_SlithH05=Wrallan ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_SlithH06=Calladra ~ Corrupted
tagDevotion_SlithH07=Bliegna
tagDevotion_SlithH08=Lunorius

tagDevotion_ZombieH01=Grubnar
tagDevotion_ZombieH02=Follistad
tagDevotion_ZombieH03=Flamewretch ~ Burning
tagDevotion_ZombieH04=Palleod ~ Electrified
tagDevotion_ZombieH05=Occullon
tagDevotion_ZombieH06=Bloodwretch ~ Swift
tagDevotion_ZombieH07=Icerot
tagDevotion_ZombieH08=Vampireon
tagDevotion_ZombieH09=Swiftrot ~ Swift

#Bounties
tagBountyBL08=Gluttrius'Maw
tagBountyBL09=Sicrix, the Skittering
tagBountyBL10=Emberjaw
tagBountyBL17=Harrath, the Returned
tagBountyBL18=Padmanestia
tagBountyBL19=Corprus
tagBountyBL20=Luthus'Balok
tagBountyDC06="The Bruiser" Romanov
tagBountyDC07=Bolla "The Raven"
tagBountyDC08=Slathra, the Plagued
tagBountyDC09=Ballior ~ Burning
tagBountyDC10=Igor "The Brawler"
tagBountyDC11=Caspis, the Blooddrinker
tagBountyDC15=Rostov, the Aetherflame
tagBountyDC17=Nalloth, the Frostbound
tagBounyExile12=Nucus'Dal
tagBounyExile13=Innu'Garbal
tagBounyExile14=Conastaria
tagBounyExile15=Ludia Starfire
tagBountyHS09=Bogloth the Marrowdrinker
tagBountyHS10=The Locust
tagBountyHS11=Vizier Haxin
tagBountyHS12=Glukrog Lifedrinker
tagBountyHS13=Phabius
tagBountyKC07=Holvuur Bonespeaker
tagBountyKC08=Igniaa Venomtongue
tagBountyKC09=Vom'Zul
tagBountyKC10=Thullon, Chosen of Ch'thon
tagBountyKC11=Abathis, the Withered
tagBountyKC19=Ludia Bloodwhisper
tagBountyODV06=Halvastra Wrathfire
tagBountyODV07=Horvald Shieldbreaker
tagBountyODV08=Olga Flamebearer
tagBountyODV09=Narroth, the Behemoth
tagBountyODV10=Barrostrandt, the Ascended
tagBountyODV11=Gravvis, the Decayed
tagBountyODV12=Narl'Sarroth
tagBountyRO10=Oligeane Dar
tagBountyRO11=Rixna Plaguefeather
tagBountyRO12=Mortallis
tagBountyRO19=Grum

#Races

tagRace001=Undead
tagRace002=Beastkin
tagRace003=Aetherial
tagRace004=Chthonic
tagRace005=Aether Corruption
tagRace006=Bloodsworn
tagRace007=Eldritch
tagRace008=Insectoid
tagRace009=Human
tagRace010=Construct
tagRace011=Riftspawn
tagRace012=Beast
tagRace013=Magical
tagRace014=Celestial
tagRace015=Arachnid
tagRace016=Plant
tagRace001P=Undead
tagRace002P=Beastkin
tagRace003P=Aetherials
tagRace004P=Chthonics
tagRace005P=Aether Corruptions
tagRace006P=Bloodsworn
tagRace007P=Eldritch
tagRace008P=Insectoids
tagRace009P=Humans
tagRace010P=Constructs
tagRace011P=Riftspawn
tagRace012P=Beasts
tagRace013P=Magical
tagRace014P=Celestial
tagRace015P=Arachnids
tagRace016P=Plants


