# Achievement Groups

achGDX2Group1=Forgotten Gods

# Achievements

achGDX201Title=Faraway Lands
achGDX201Desc=Enter the Emissary's portal to the land of the Korvan people.

achGDX202Title=Pledging Loyalty
achGDX202Desc=Side with one of the Witch God Cults.

achGDX203Title=The Master of Necromancy
achGDX203Desc=Learn Uroboruuk's Fate.

achGDX204Title=Rahn's Secrets
achGDX204Desc=Discover the secrets of Rahn.

achGDX205Title=Byscilla's Schemes
achGDX205Desc=Bind the Spawn of Ateph to Byscilla's will.

achGDX206Title=A Select Future
achGDX206Desc=Deal with the Mind Reaper.

achGDX207Title=A Heart for Solael
achGDX207Desc=Offer the Heart of Onarix to Solael.

achGDX208Title=Juggernaut
achGDX208Desc=Charge through 15 foes in a row using a Rush-type skill (ex. Vire's Might).

achGDX209Title=The Gryphon Sovereign
achGDX209Desc=Slay Azaleon, the Gryphon Sovereign at the Sunward Spire.

achGDX210Title=Sovereign Skies
achGDX210Desc=Slay Azaleon, the Gryphon Sovereign at the Sunward Spire on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX211Title=Crag Hunter
achGDX211Desc=Slay Grimmaw, the Packhound Alpha in the Basalt Crags.

achGDX212Title=Hound Tracker
achGDX212Desc=Slay Grimmaw, the Packhound Alpha in the Basalt Crags on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX213Title=Korvan Rex
achGDX213Desc=Slay the Korvan Titanovore in the Korvan Sands.

achGDX214Title=Jurassic Hunt
achGDX214Desc=Slay the Korvan Titanovore in the Korvan Sands on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX215Title=Scion No More
achGDX215Desc=Slay Kaisan, the Eldritch Scion.

achGDX216Title=Nemesis of the Scion
achGDX216Desc=Slay Kaisan, the Eldritch Scion on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX217Title=Killing the Messenger
achGDX217Desc=Silence Okaloth, the Messenger.

achGDX218Title=End of Messages
achGDX218Desc=Silence Okaloth, the Messenger on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX219Title=Betrayer of Humanity
achGDX219Desc=Slay Father Kymon in the Tomb of the Eldritch Sun.

achGDX220Title=Silencing the Prophet
achGDX220Desc=Slay Father Kymon in the Tomb of the Eldritch Sun on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX221Title=Godslayer
achGDX221Desc=Slay Korvaak, the Eldritch Sun in the Throne of the Three.

achGDX222Title=Forever Forgotten
achGDX222Desc=Slay Korvaak, the Eldritch Sun in the Throne of the Three on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX223Title=Squelching the Scion
achGDX223Desc=Summon and defeat Callagadra, Scion of the Sands.

achGDX224Title=Oh, the Web We Weave
achGDX224Desc=Reach Revered reputation with the Cult of Bysmiel.

achGDX225Title=Infinite Gaze
achGDX225Desc=Reach Revered reputation with the Cult of Dreeg.

achGDX226Title=Ultimate Sacrifice
achGDX226Desc=Reach Revered reputation with the Cult of Solael.

achGDX227Title=Exalted Champion
achGDX227Desc=Become Revered with 12 Factions.

achGDX228Title=Korvan Defender
achGDX228Desc=Complete Forgotten Gods.

achGDX229Title=Korvan Champion
achGDX229Desc=Complete Forgotten Gods on Elite Difficulty.

achGDX230Title=Celestial Conqueror
achGDX230Desc=Complete Forgotten Gods on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX231Title=Immortal Celestial Conqueror
achGDX231Desc=Complete Forgotten Gods on Ultimate Difficulty in Hardcore Mode.

achGDX232Title=Korvan Slayer
achGDX232Desc=Eradicate 2500 Heroic Monsters (marked by a Star).

achGDX233Title=Like Sand in a Desert
achGDX233Desc=Rid Cairn of 250000 Monsters.

achGDX234Title=Korvan Devotion
achGDX234Desc=Restore 60 Devotion Shrines.

achGDX235Title=Korvan Explorer
achGDX235Desc=Open 30 One-Shot Chests.

achGDX236Title=Korvan Loremaster
achGDX236Desc=Collect 85 Lore Notes.

achGDX237Title=Enter the Shattered Realm
achGDX237Desc=Conquer the 5th Shard of the Shattered Realm.

achGDX238Title=Braving the Shattered Realm
achGDX238Desc=Conquer the 5th Shard of the Shattered Realm on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX239Title=Shattered Explorer
achGDX239Desc=Conquer the 15th Shard of the Shattered Realm.

achGDX240Title=Shattered Pathfinder
achGDX240Desc=Conquer the 15th Shard of the Shattered Realm on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX241Title=Shattered Conqueror
achGDX241Desc=Conquer the 25th Shard of the Shattered Realm.

achGDX242Title=Shattered Vanquisher
achGDX242Desc=Conquer the 25th Shard of the Shattered Realm on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX243Title=Immortal Shattered Vanquisher
achGDX243Desc=Conquer the 25th Shard of the Shattered Realm on Ultimate Difficulty in Hardcore Mode.

achGDX244Title=Soul Diet
achGDX244Desc=Absorb 50 Shattered Souls in the Shattered Realm.

achGDX245Title=Feast of Souls
achGDX245Desc=Absorb 300 Shattered Souls in the Shattered Realm.

achGDX246Title=Souls Supreme
achGDX246Desc=Absorb 8 stacks of Essence of the Shattered Realm in the Shattered Realm.

achGDX247Title=Shattered Bargain
achGDX247Desc=Gain the effects of one of the Shattered Realm's shrines.

achGDX248Title=A Done Deal
achGDX248Desc=Gain the effects of all five of the Shattered Realm's shrines.

achGDX249Title=Hungering Darkness
achGDX249Desc=Survive the Hungering Darkness in the Tomb of the Heretic.

achGDX250Title=Banish the Night
achGDX250Desc=Slay Grand Magus Morgoneth in the Tomb of the Heretic.

achGDX251Title=A Light in the Dark
achGDX251Desc=Slay Grand Magus Morgoneth in the Tomb of the Heretic on Ultimate Difficulty.

achGDX252Title=Immortal Light in the Dark
achGDX252Desc=Slay Grand Magus Morgoneth in the Tomb of the Heretic on Hardcore Mode.

achGDX253Title=Bargain Help
achGDX253Desc=Slay 5 Associates of Riggs in a single journey.

achGDX254Title=Settled Debt
achGDX254Desc=Settle your debt with Riggs.

achGDX255Title=The Seven Magi
achGDX255Desc=Slay all seven of the Korvan Magi in the Tomb of the Heretic.




