# Achievement Groups

achGroupAct1=Act I
achGroupAct2=Act II
achGroupAct3=Act III
achGroupChallenges=Challenges
achGroupCharacter=Character
achGroupMonsters=Monsters
achGroupStory=Story
achGroupWorld=World

# Achievements

ach001Title=Monster Slayer
ach001Desc=Eradicate 25 Heroic Monsters (marked by a Star).

ach002Title=Heroic Slayer
ach002Desc=Eradicate 100 Heroic Monsters (marked by a Star).

ach003Title=Legendary Slayer
ach003Desc=Eradicate 1000 Heroic Monsters (marked by a Star).

ach004Title=Nemesis
ach004Desc=Slay a Nemesis monster on Elite or Ultimate Difficulty.

ach005Title=Unstoppable
ach005Desc=Slay Six Nemesis monsters on Elite or Ultimate Difficulty.

ach006Title=Cleansing the World
ach006Desc=Rid Cairn of 25000 Monsters.

ach007Title=A Wake of Carnage
ach007Desc=Rid Cairn of 50000 Monsters.

ach008Title=An Ocean of Blood
ach008Desc=Rid Cairn of 100000 Monsters.

ach009Title=Friends in the Apocalypse
ach009Desc=Become Revered with a Faction.

ach010Title=Paragon of Cairn
ach010Desc=Become Revered with 6 Factions.

ach011Title=Servant of Empyrion
ach011Desc=Reach Revered reputation with Kymon's Chosen.

ach012Title=Follower of Uroboruuk
ach012Desc=Reach Revered reputation with the Order of Death's Vigil.

ach013Title=The End to Depravity
ach013Desc=Slay Salazar, Blade of Ch'thon in the Depraved Sanctuary.

ach014Title=Shattering the Blade of Ch'thon
ach014Desc=Slay Salazar, Blade of Ch'thon in the Depraved Sanctuary on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach015Title=The Executioner Executed
ach015Desc=Slay Alkamos, Lord Executioner in the Steps of Torment.

ach016Title=The End of Torment
ach016Desc=Slay Alkamos, Lord Executioner in the Steps of Torment on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach017Title=Immortal Executioner
ach017Desc=Slay Alkamos, Lord Executioner in the Steps of Torment on Hardcore Mode.

ach018Title=Delivering Justice
ach018Desc=Slay Warden Krieg in the Hidden Laboratory.

ach019Title=An Old Threat
ach019Desc=Slay Darius Cronley.

ach020Title=Blood for Blood
ach020Desc=Slay Karroz, Sigil of Ch'thon.

ach021Title=The Bane of Cairn
ach021Desc=Slay the Loghorrean, Voice of Ch'thon.

ach022Title=Cleansing the Conflagration
ach022Desc=Slay the Herald of Flame in the Conflagration.

ach023Title=Not Afraid of a Little Fire
ach023Desc=Slay the Herald of Flame in the Conflagration on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach024Title=Gutting Gutworm
ach024Desc=Slay Gutworm in Smuggler's Basin.

ach025Title=You've Got Guts
ach025Desc=Slay Gutworm in Smuggler's Basin on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach026Title=Tinkering is Her Specialty
ach026Desc=Rescue Darlet in Burrwitch.

ach027Title=By the Malleum Menhir
ach027Desc=Enlist the help of a Blacksmith.

ach028Title=No Soup for You
ach028Desc=Rescue Ulgrim in the Burrwitch Outskirts.

ach029Title=Apprentice Crafter
ach029Desc=Craft 10 items.

ach030Title=Expert Crafter
ach030Desc=Craft 100 items.

ach031Title=Master Crafter
ach031Desc=Craft 1000 items.

ach032Title=Relics from the Past
ach032Desc=Craft a Relic.

ach033Title=Transcendent Power
ach033Desc=Craft a Transcendent Relic.

ach034Title=Mythic Power
ach034Desc=Craft a Mythical Relic.

ach035Title=Junior Explorer
ach035Desc=Open 10 One-Shot Chests.

ach036Title=To the Explorer Go the Spoils
ach036Desc=Open 20 One-Shot Chests.

ach037Title=Seeking the Stars
ach037Desc=Restore 10 Devotion Shrines.

ach038Title=True Devotion
ach038Desc=Restore 50 Devotion Shrines.

ach039Title=Survivor
ach039Desc=Reach level 10.

ach040Title=Champion
ach040Desc=Reach level 35.

ach041Title=Hero
ach041Desc=Reach level 50.

ach042Title=Legend
ach042Desc=Reach level 85.

ach043Title=Immortal Legend
ach043Desc=Reach level 85 in Hardcore Mode.

ach044Title=Savior of Cairn
ach044Desc=Complete the Game on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach045Title=Immortal Savior
ach045Desc=Complete the Game on Ultimate Difficulty, Hardcore Mode.

ach046Title=Difficult Decisions
ach046Desc=Resolve the situation in New Harbor without resorting to violence.

ach047Title=No Exceptions
ach047Desc=Slay Anasteria.

ach048Title=I Was Not Expecting You, Human
ach048Desc=Slay Warden Krieg on Veteran mode without your character hitting level 11.

ach049Title=Securing Burrwitch
ach049Desc=Secure the Burrwitch Riftgate on Veteran Mode.

ach050Title=Hidden in the Flooded Passage
ach050Desc=Discover what is concealed behind the collapsed rocks in the Flooded Passage.

ach051Title=Cronley's Secret
ach051Desc=Uncover Darius Cronley's Secret.

ach052Title=Hidden Wealth
ach052Desc=Find the buried treasure in the farmlands near Homestead.

ach053Title=In the Depths, He Lived Forgotten
ach053Desc=Slay Gollus, the Deepdweller

ach054Title=The Death Room
ach054Desc=Survive the Chamber of Souls.

ach055Title=Let Me Gather My Notes
ach055Desc=Collect 5 Lore Notes.

ach056Title=Note Collector
ach056Desc=Collect 20 Lore Notes.

ach057Title=Lorekeeper
ach057Desc=Collect 50 Lore Notes.

ach058Title=The Fields of Despair
ach058Desc=Survive the Fields of Despair.

ach059Title=Celestial Bane
ach059Desc=Defeat the Avatar of Mogdrogen.

ach060Title=Shar'Zul Extinguished
ach060Desc=Slay Shar'Zul, Harbinger of Chaos in the Bastion of Chaos.

ach061Title=The Bastion Conquered
ach061Desc=Slay Shar'Zul, Harbinger of Chaos in the Bastion of Chaos on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach062Title=Immortal Conqueror of Chaos
ach062Desc=Slay Shar'Zul, Harbinger of Chaos in the Bastion of Chaos in Hardcore Mode.

ach063Title=The Order's Champion
ach063Desc=Slay Archon Barthollem in the name of the Order of Death's Vigil on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach064Title=The Chosen of Kymon
ach064Desc=Slay Malkadarr in the name of Kymon's Chosen on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach065Title=Cleansing the Immolation
ach065Desc=Slay the Herald of Destruction in the Immolation.

ach066Title=Grounding the Herald
ach066Desc=Slay the Herald of Destruction in the Immolation on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach067Title=Defender of Cairn
ach067Desc=Complete the Game.

ach068Title=Champion of Cairn
ach068Desc=Complete the Game on Elite Difficulty.

ach069Title=The Flames of Valbury
ach069Desc=Survive the Flames of Valbury.

ach070Title=The Overlord Vanquished
ach070Desc=Slay Overlord Van Aldritch in Port Valbury.

ach071Title=Port Valbury Avenged
ach071Desc=Slay Overlord Van Aldritch in Port Valbury on Ultimate Difficulty.

ach072Title=Immortal Vanquisher of Valbury
ach072Desc=Slay Overlord Van Aldritch in Port Valbury in Hardcore Mode.
