
#CreatureFriendly

tagGDX2FriendlyCultBysmiel_Guard01=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Sentinel
tagGDX2FriendlyCultBysmiel_Guard02=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Seeker

tagGDX1FriendlyCultBysmiel_MeleeA01=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FriendlyCultBysmiel_MeleeB01=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Witchblade
tagGDX1FriendlyCultBysmiel_RangeA01=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FriendlyCultBysmiel_CasterB01=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Occultist
tagGDX1FriendlyCultBysmiel_CasterB02=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Weaver
tagGDX1FriendlyCultBysmiel_ChampionC01=Cult of Bysmiel ~ Priest

tagGDX2FriendlyCultDreeg_Guard01=Cult of Dreeg ~ Sentinel
tagGDX2FriendlyCultDreeg_Guard02=Cult of Dreeg ~ Seeker

tagGDX1FriendlyCultDreeg_MeleeA01=Cult of Dreeg ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FriendlyCultDreeg_MeleeB01=Cult of Dreeg ~ Witchblade
tagGDX1FriendlyCultDreeg_RangeA01=Cult of Dreeg ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FriendlyCultDreeg_CasterB01=Cult of Dreeg ~ Occultist
tagGDX1FriendlyCultDreeg_CasterB02=Cult of Dreeg ~ Seer
tagGDX1FriendlyCultDreeg_ChampionC01=Cult of Dreeg ~ Priest

tagGDX2FriendlyCultSolael_Guard01=Cult of Solael ~ Sentinel
tagGDX2FriendlyCultSolael_Guard02=Cult of Solael ~ Seeker

tagGDX1FriendlyCultSolael_MeleeA01=Cult of Solael ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FriendlyCultSolael_MeleeB01=Cult of Solael ~ Witchblade
tagGDX1FriendlyCultSolael_RangeA01=Cult of Solael ~ Aspirant
tagGDX1FriendlyCultSolael_CasterB01=Cult of Solael ~ Occultist
tagGDX1FriendlyCultSolael_CasterB02=Cult of Solael ~ Bloodmender
tagGDX1FriendlyCultSolael_ChampionC01=Cult of Solael ~ Priest


#CreatureBeetle
tagGDX2EnemyBeetleMaggot=Korvan Maggot
tagGDX2EnemyBeetleMaggot_Fire=Fire Maggot
tagGDX2EnemyBeetle_A00=Korvan Scarab ~ Nymph
tagGDX2EnemyBeetle_A01=Korvan Scarab ~ Scavenger
tagGDX2EnemyBeetle_B01=Korvan Scarab ~ Gorger
tagGDX2EnemyBeetle_B02=Korvan Scarab ~ Incubator
tagGDX2EnemyBeetle_C01=Korvan Scarab ~ Goliath

tagGDX2HeroBeetle_H01=Riknix
tagGDX2HeroBeetle_H02=Bargox
tagGDX2HeroBeetle_H03=Sagrax ~ Defender
tagGDX2HeroBeetle_H04=Mirg ~ Reflective

tagGDX2EnemyMaggot_A01=Maggot
tagGDX2EnemyMaggot_B01=Bloated Maggot


#CreatureCelestial
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Armor_A01=Korvan Cursed
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Armor_B01=Korvan Cursed ~ Forsaken
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Armor_C01=Korvan Cursed ~ Ancient

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Gryphon_A01=Celestial Gryphon
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Gryphon_B01=Celestial Gryphon Skytalon
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Gryphon_C01=Celestial Gryphon Matriarch

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Hound_A01=Celestial Mongrel ~ Runt
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Hound_B01=Celestial Mongrel ~ Stalker
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Hound_C01=Celestial Mongrel ~ Alpha

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Leech_A01=Embodiment of Hunger
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Leech_B01=Embodiment of Famine

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Lizard_A01=Nightclaw
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Lizard_B01=Nightclaw ~ Flayer
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Lizard_C01=Nightclaw ~ Matriarch

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Monstrosity_C01=Scion of Hunger
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Monstrosity_D01=Scion of Famine

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Mummy_A01=Korvan Damned ~ Desiccated
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Mummy_B01=Korvan Damned ~ Festering
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Mummy_C01=Korvan Damned ~ Reaper

tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Statue_A01=Animated Keeper of the Damned
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Statue_B01=Animated Watcher of the Damned
tagGDX2EnemyCelestial_Statue_C01=Animated Preserver of the Damned


#CreatureEldritchArmor
tagGDX2EnemyArmor_A01=Possessed Armor
tagGDX2EnemyArmor_B01=Eldritch Armor
tagGDX2EnemyArmor_C01=Ancient Armor

tagGDX2HeroArmor_H01=Arkinux
tagGDX2HeroArmor_H02=Vlakinux
tagGDX2HeroArmor_H03=Halganux ~ Supporter
tagGDX2HeroArmor_H04=Tilkinux ~ Timewarped


#CreatureEldritchHound
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchHound_A01=Eldritch Mongrel ~ Runt
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchHound_B01=Eldritch Mongrel ~ Stalker
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchHound_B02=Eldritch Mongrel ~ Guardian
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchHound_C01=Eldritch Mongrel ~ Alpha

tagGDX2HeroEldritchHound_H01=Vendrog
tagGDX2HeroEldritchHound_H02=Steeljaw
tagGDX2HeroEldritchHound_H03=Fervall ~ Swift
tagGDX2HeroEldritchHound_H04=Nosferantis ~ Vampiric


#CreatureEldritchSpore
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchSpore_A01=Toxic Spore
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchSpore_B01=Eldritch Spore


#CreatureEldritchWraith
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchWraith_A01=Eldritch Spirit
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchWraith_B01=Eldritch Spirit ~ Haunt
tagGDX2EnemyEldritchWraith_C01=Eldritch Spirit ~ Ancient

tagGDX2HeroEldritchWraith_H01=Algandir
tagGDX2HeroEldritchWraith_H02=Ulzaar
tagGDX2HeroEldritchWraith_H03=Rygundir ~ Reflective
tagGDX2HeroEldritchWraith_H04=Pazgadaar ~ Regenerator


#CreatureGargoyle
tagGDX2EnemyGargoyle_A01=Eldritch Gargoyle
tagGDX2EnemyGargoyle_B01=Forsaken Gargoyle
tagGDX2EnemyGargoyle_C01=Ancient Gargoyle

tagGDX2HeroGargoyle_H01=Hudsar ~ Frozen
tagGDX2HeroGargoyle_H02=Broagwan ~ Diseased
tagGDX2HeroGargoyle_H03=Goliant ~ Burning
tagGDX2HeroGargoyle_H04=Xanatan ~ Electrified


#CreatureGroble
tagGDX2EnemyGroble_A01=Groble ~  Korvan Clan Scavenger
tagGDX2EnemyGroble_A02=Groble ~  Korvan Clan Tracker
tagGDX2EnemyGroble_B01=Groble ~  Korvan Clan Warrior
tagGDX2EnemyGroble_B02=Groble ~  Korvan Clan Shaman
tagGDX2EnemyGroble_C01=Groble ~  Korvan Clan Champion
tagGDX2EnemyGroble_C02=Groble ~  Korvan Clan Elder

tagGDX2HeroGroble_H01=Galgar
tagGDX2HeroGroble_H02=Nazbak
tagGDX2HeroGroble_H03=Drollig ~ Vampiric
tagGDX2HeroGroble_H04=Knol ~ Swift


#CreatureGryphon
tagGDX2EnemyGryphon_A01=Gryphon
tagGDX2EnemyGryphon_B01=Gryphon Sandstalker
tagGDX2EnemyGryphon_C01=Gryphon Matriarch

tagGDX2HeroGryphon_H01=Dreadtalon
tagGDX2HeroGryphon_H02=Rendtalon
tagGDX2HeroGryphon_H03=Screech ~ Unstoppable
tagGDX2HeroGryphon_H04=Juraz the Tenacious ~ Regenerator

tagGDX2EnemyGryphonStone_A01=Stone Gryphon
tagGDX2EnemyGryphonStone_B01=Stone Gryphon ~ Guardian
tagGDX2EnemyGryphonStone_C01=Stone Gryphon ~ Vigilant

tagGDX2HeroGryphonStone_H01=Askazor ~ Burning
tagGDX2HeroGryphonStone_H02=Isanzor ~ Frozen
tagGDX2HeroGryphonStone_H03=Saprizor ~ Electrified
tagGDX2HeroGryphonStone_H04=Balganzor ~ Diseased


#CreatureHumanKorvaak
tagGDX2EnemyHumanKorvaak_A01=Korvaak's Chosen ~ Zealot
tagGDX2EnemyHumanKorvaak_B01=Korvaak's Chosen ~ Fanatic
tagGDX2EnemyHumanKorvaak_C01=Korvaak's Chosen ~ Flamebearer

tagGDX2HeroHumanKorvaak_H01=Everynn Flametongue
tagGDX2HeroHumanKorvaak_H02=Havos Emberspark
tagGDX2HeroHumanKorvaak_H03=Nivond the Enlightened ~ Supporter
tagGDX2HeroHumanKorvaak_H04=Oolga the Everbound ~ Timewarped


#CreatureKorvaakAscended
tagGDX2EnemyKorvaakAscended_A01=Korvaak's Ascended 
tagGDX2EnemyKorvaakAscended_B01=Korvaak's Rageflame
tagGDX2EnemyKorvaakAscended_C01=Korvaak's Champion

tagGDX2HeroKorvaakAscended_H01=Plagurius ~ Diseased
tagGDX2HeroKorvaakAscended_H02=Wauld the Skorn ~ Frozen
tagGDX2HeroKorvaakAscended_H03=Pandrith the Unquenchable ~ Unstoppable
tagGDX2HeroKorvaakAscended_H04=Vengethor ~ Reflective


#CreatureKorvaakServant
tagGDX2EnemyKorvaakServant_A01=Korvaak's Drudge
tagGDX2EnemyKorvaakServant_B01=Korvaak's Servant
tagGDX2EnemyKorvaakServant_C01=Korvaak's Scion

tagGDX2HeroKorvaakServant_H01=Nagalrok
tagGDX2HeroKorvaakServant_H02=Garalrok
tagGDX2HeroKorvaakServant_H03=Ordenrok ~ Vampiric
tagGDX2HeroKorvaakServant_H04=Purganrok ~ Arcane


#CreatureMummy
tagGDX2EnemyMummy_A01=Mummy ~ Desiccated
tagGDX2EnemyMummy_B01=Mummy ~ Festering
tagGDX2EnemyMummy_C01=Mummy ~ Rotter
tagGDX2EnemyMummy_C02=Mummy ~ Scorcher

tagGDX2HeroMummy_H01=Annothar
tagGDX2HeroMummy_H02=Tutenthon
tagGDX2HeroMummy_H03=Imhonar ~ Burning
tagGDX2HeroMummy_H04=Cassiana ~ Timewarped


#CreatureSandLizard
tagGDX2EnemySandLizard_A00=Sandclaw ~ Hatchling
tagGDX2EnemySandLizard_A01=Sandclaw
tagGDX2EnemySandLizard_B01=Sandclaw ~ Flayer
tagGDX2EnemySandLizard_B02=Sandclaw ~ Nest Guardian
tagGDX2EnemySandLizard_C01=Sandclaw ~ Matriarch

tagGDX2HeroSandLizard_H01=Blazetalon
tagGDX2HeroSandLizard_H02=Sanguirex
tagGDX2HeroSandLizard_H03=Plagnius ~ Diseased
tagGDX2HeroSandLizard_H04=Matriona ~ Supporter
tagGDX2HeroSandLizard_H05=Velociir ~ Swift
tagGDX2HeroSandLizard_H06=Stromscale ~ Electrified

tagGDX2EnemySandLizardB_A01=Moltenclaw
tagGDX2EnemySandLizardB_B01=Moltenclaw ~ Flayer
tagGDX2EnemySandLizardB_B02=Moltenclaw ~ Nest Guardian
tagGDX2EnemySandLizardB_C01=Moltenclaw ~ Matriarch

tagGDX2EnemySandLizardC_A01=Riftclaw
tagGDX2EnemySandLizardC_B01=Riftclaw ~ Flayer
tagGDX2EnemySandLizardC_B02=Riftclaw ~ Nest Guardian
tagGDX2EnemySandLizardC_C01=Riftclaw ~ Matriarch

tagGDX2HeroSandLizardC_H01=Bizarris
tagGDX2HeroSandLizardC_H02=Venillius
tagGDX2HeroSandLizardC_H03=Wirgaun ~ Unstoppable
tagGDX2HeroSandLizardC_H04=Arcanex ~ Shielded


#CreatureScorpion
tagGDX2EnemyScorpion_A01=Korvan Scorpius
tagGDX2EnemyScorpion_B01=Korvan Scorpius ~ Sandcreeper
tagGDX2EnemyScorpion_C01=Korvan Scorpius ~ Deathsting

tagGDX2HeroScorpion_H01=Scarprinx the Suneater
tagGDX2HeroScorpion_H02=Garprinx the Mooneater
tagGDX2HeroScorpion_H03=Ragalprinx ~ Swift
tagGDX2HeroScorpion_H04=Eleprinx ~ Electrified


#CreatureStatue
tagGDX2EnemyStatue_A01=Animated Keeper
tagGDX2EnemyStatue_B01=Animated Watcher
tagGDX2EnemyStatue_B01B=Infused Animated Watcher
tagGDX2EnemyStatue_C01=Animated Preserver

tagGDX2HeroStatue_H01=Tyrox ~ Timewarped
tagGDX2HeroStatue_H02=Arcanis ~ Arcane
tagGDX2HeroStatue_H03=Molteus ~ Burning
tagGDX2HeroStatue_H04=Ezerog ~ Frozen


#CreatureViper
tagGDX2EnemyViper_A01=Korvan Viper
tagGDX2EnemyViper_B01=Korvan Viper ~ Sandstalker
tagGDX2EnemyViper_C01=Korvan Viper ~ Deathvenom

tagGDX2HeroViper_H01=Zartox
tagGDX2HeroViper_H02=Arashor
tagGDX2HeroViper_H03=Serpentior ~ Regenerator
tagGDX2HeroViper_H04=Cespal ~ Arcane

#CreatureWorm
tagGDX2EnemyWormA01=Gutsifter
tagGDX2EnemyWormB01=Gutrager




#Pets
tagGDX2Pet_CelestialGuardian01=Servant of Empyrion
tagGDX2Pet_CelestialGuardian01B=Scion of Dreeg

tagGDX2Pet_Item_SandDevil01=Sand Devil
tagGDX2Pet_Item_EldritchSpider=Eldritch Webweaver
tagGDX2Pet_Item_EldritchLizard=Eldritch Talon
tagGDX2Pet_Item_EldritchShard=Eldritch Shard
tagGDX2Pet_Item_NightRift=Nightbringer
tagGDX2Pet_Item_YugolTentacle=Tentacle of Yugol
tagGDX2Pet_Item_WorldGate=World Gate
tagGDX2Pet_Item_Mini=Korvan Minivore
tagGDX2Pet_Item_Mini_Skill=Miniroar
tagGDX2Pet_Item_Maggot=Celestial Maggot
tagGDX2Pet_Item_Maggot_Skill=Writhe
tagGDX2Pet_Item_Devourer=Hungerling
tagGDX2Pet_Item_Devourer_Skill=Hungry!

tagGDX2Pet_Devotion_BlackBlood=Black Blood of Yugol



#EnemySummons
tagGDX2EnemySummon_EldritchCrystal=Eldritch Crystal
tagGDX2EnemySummon_EldritchShard=Eldritch Shard
tagGDX2EnemySummon_SandTornado=Sand Tornado
tagGDX2EnemySummon_EldritchRift=Eldritch Rift
tagGDX2EnemySummon_EldritchThrone=Eldritch Throne
tagGDX2EnemySummon_CelestialEffigy=Celestial Effigy
tagGDX2EnemySummon_Dravis=Thrall of Dravis
tagGDX2EnemySummon_FlameJet=Magma Burst
tagGDX2EnemySummon_Volcano=Volcano
tagGDX2EnemySummon_LightningOrb=Storm Orb
tagGDX2EnemySummon_NightRift=Celestial Rift
tagGDX2EnemySummon_NightCrystal=Celestial Conduit
tagGDX2EnemySummon_FireHound=Blazehound


#Boss&Quest
tagGDX2Quest_BysmielSummon_01=Spawn of Ateph
tagGDX2Quest_WitchGodAlly=Bound Beast

tagGDX2Boss_Dravis_01=Dravis, Son of Uroboruuk
tagGDX2Boss_TombGuardian_01=The Steward
tagGDX2Boss_Final01=Manifestation of Korvaak, the Eldritch Sun
tagGDX2Boss_FatherKymon=Father Kymon, Avatar of Korvaak

tagGDX2Boss_Special=Callagadra, Scion of the Sands
tagGDX2Boss_Messenger=Okaloth ~ "The Messenger"

tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_01=Magi Sethris
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_01B=Shade of Sethris
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_02=Magi Orissia
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_02B=Shade of Orissia
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_03=Magi Anubar
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_03B=Shade of Anubar
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_04=Magi Tawrot
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_04B=Shade of Tawrot
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_05=Magi Basti
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_05B=Shade of Basti
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_06=Magi Shuroth
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_06B=Shade of Shuroth
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_07=Magi Khonsar
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_MiniBoss_07B=Shade of Khonsar
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_Boss_01=Keeper of the Seal
tagGDX2Boss_Roguelike_Boss_02=Grand Magus Morgoneth

tagGDX2Boss_RoguelikePath_Boss_01=Jarinthor the Sandstorm
tagGDX2Boss_RoguelikePath_Boss_02=Hallanx the Forgotten
tagGDX2Boss_RoguelikePath_Boss_03=Gurblix the Digested

tagGDX2Boss_RiggsCollector_01="Associate" of Riggs


tagGDX2Miniboss_Kymon_01=Brother Segarius, Vengeance of Kymon
tagGDX2Miniboss_Kymon_02=Sister Crimson, Vengeance of Kymon
tagGDX2Miniboss_Kymon_03=Ramzul, High Priest of Osyr

tagGDX2Miniboss_Beast_01=Gannar'vakkar, King of the Sands
tagGDX2Miniboss_Beast_02=Korvan Titanovore
tagGDX2Miniboss_Beast_03=Grimmaw, Packhound Alpha
tagGDX2Miniboss_Beast_04=Azaleon, Gryphon Sovereign
tagGDX2Miniboss_Beast_05=Durg the Stormborn
tagGDX2Miniboss_Beast_06=Margul the Rotting

tagGDX2Quest_EldritchHound_01=Galfang, Night Terror
tagGDX2Quest_EldritchHound_02=Packhound of Galfang
tagGDX2Quest_EldritchWraith_01=Okaloth's Unchained
tagGDX2Quest_EldritchLizard_01=Onarix, the Razorhide
tagGDX2Quest_EldritchArmor_01=Ishtal, the Mind Reaper
tagGDX2Quest_EldritchArmor_02=Guardian of Ishtal
tagGDX2Quest_EldritchScorpion=The Duskreaper
tagGDX2Quest_Human_BoundSpirts_01=Tirgan, the Mad Priest
tagGDX2Quest_Human_BoundSpirts_02=Tirgan the Unbound
tagGDX2Quest_Human_DreegUsurper_01=Navan, the Usurper
tagGDX2Quest_Human_MadWitch_01=Inarah, the Afflicted
tagGDX2Quest_Statue_TempleGuard_01=Risen Stone, Temple Guardian
tagGDX2Quest_StoneGryphon_TempleGuard_02=Inashkor, Temple Guardian
tagGDX2Quest_ChthonianRylock_01=Ketan'Thunn
tagGDX2Quest_SolaelFaction=Bell'oq, Guardian of Rahn
tagGDX2Quest_SolaelFactionGuardian=Map Room Protector

#Nemesis
tagGDX2Nemesis_Eldritch01=Kaisan, the Eldritch Scion

#Devotion
tagGDX2DevotionBeetle_H01=Riknithan
tagGDX2DevotionBeetle_H02=Baroganx
tagGDX2DevotionBeetle_H03=Sagaranx ~ Defender
tagGDX2DevotionBeetle_H04=Mlargg ~ Reflective

tagGDX2DevotionEldritchArmor_H01=Akanax
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchArmor_H02=Volkanax
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchArmor_H03=Hallanax ~ Supporter
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchArmor_H04=Tilkanax ~ Timewarped

tagGDX2DevotionEldritchHound_H01=Vengrall
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchHound_H02=Titanjaw
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchHound_H03=Ferantis ~ Swift
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchHound_H04=Noseferan ~ Vampiric

tagGDX2DevotionEldritchWraith_H01=Alagandris
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchWraith_H02=Ulzimaar
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchWraith_H03=Rygonaunt ~ Reflective
tagGDX2DevotionEldritchWraith_H04=Pazaguun ~ Regenerator

tagGDX2DevotionGargoyle_H01=Hadsarin ~ Frozen
tagGDX2DevotionGargoyle_H02=Bragwarr ~ Diseased
tagGDX2DevotionGargoyle_H03=Golgant ~ Burning
tagGDX2DevotionGargoyle_H04=Xanix ~ Electrified

tagGDX2DevotionGryphonStone_H01=Astranzor ~ Burning
tagGDX2DevotionGryphonStone_H02=Isvanzor ~ Frozen
tagGDX2DevotionGryphonStone_H03=Sarpanzor ~ Electrified
tagGDX2DevotionGryphonStone_H04=Bolvinzor ~ Diseased

tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakAscended_H01=Bluguth ~ Diseased
tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakAscended_H02=Skron ~ Frozen
tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakAscended_H03=Pallondrin ~ Unstoppable
tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakAscended_H04=Reapnagal ~ Reflective

tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakServant_H01=Nagnorok
tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakServant_H02=Garunrok
tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakServant_H03=Orgerok ~ Vampiric
tagGDX2DevotionKorvaakServant_H04=Purigalrok ~ Arcane

tagGDX2DevotionScorpion_H01=Scourpinx
tagGDX2DevotionScorpion_H02=Karalinx
tagGDX2DevotionScorpion_H03=Razgalinx ~ Swift
tagGDX2DevotionScorpion_H04=Elgandinx ~ Electrified

tagGDX2DevotionStatue_H01=Tyrgandor ~ Timewarped
tagGDX2DevotionStatue_H02=Arclossus ~ Arcane
tagGDX2DevotionStatue_H03=Moltreax ~ Burning
tagGDX2DevotionStatue_H04=Ezgannar ~ Frozen

tagGDX2DevotionViper_H01=Zaranux
tagGDX2DevotionViper_H02=Alrashar
tagGDX2DevotionViper_H03=Serepin ~ Regenerator
tagGDX2DevotionViper_H04=Cesaprin ~ Arcane


#Bounties
tagGDX2BountyWG04=Razorfeather, Gryphon Matriarch
tagGDX2BountyWG05=Varnox, The Molten
tagGDX2BountyWG06=Gallanor
tagGDX2BountyWG07=Avronath
tagGDX2BountyWG08=Reynar, The Loathed
tagGDX2BountyWG09=Keynen, Burntheart
tagGDX2BountyWG10=Guardian Yaharum
tagGDX2BountyWG11=Guardian Ulazor


#Races

tagRace017=Empowered
tagRace017P=Empowered

